Chapter 1: Supergene

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

By a stony creek in a valley, a black-clad young man was holding a black beetle with a metallic sheen that looked like a cross between a crab and a Hercules beetle.

Holding a dagger in his other hand, the young man swiftly cut the still-struggling claws off the beetle, revealing white and tender meat.

Almost without hesitation, the young man sucked the meat out of the claws as if he were eating a crab, and swallowed it together with larger pieces of tougher meat.

"Black beetle killed. No beast soul gained. Eat the flesh of the black beetle to gain zero to ten geno points randomly."

"Black beetle flesh eaten. Zero geno points gained."

A strange voice sounded in Han Sen's mind, and some data also appeared.

Han Sen: Not evolved.

Status: None.

Life span: 200 years.

Required for evolution: 100 geno points.

Geno points gained: 79.

Beast souls gained: none.

"I have received zero geno points from more than thirty black beetles in a row. I must have eaten too much black-beetle flesh to evolve from it further. Zero points! When will I ever finish the first evolution and gain status." Han Sen looked frustrated.

Over a hundred years ago, science and technology reached a very high level, and humans finally mastered space teleportation technology. Shockingly, when they tried to be teleported, they found that they were neither sent back to the past nor teleported to the future. They didn’t even travel from one planet to another. A completely different world lay at the other end of the space teleport channel.

A world that human beings could not have imagined. In this world, all scientific and technological means lost their function: a machine gun in this world was not even as useful as a steel knife. Missiles and nuclear weapons would not explode, same as a heap of scrap iron. No mechanical or electronic equipment would work either.

All kinds of horrible creatures inhabited this world. Human beings, who used to stand on top of the food chain because of their wisdom and technology fell to the bottom.

But when people killed certain relatively weak creatures and ate their flesh, they were surprised to find that their own bodies changed considerably and evolved quickly in ways that science could not explain.

What made people pleasantly surprised was that in this world, with the evolution of the body, their lifespans also increased, which was amazing news to all mankind.

In the following century, more and more people entered this world called "God's Sanctuary," gradually became familiar with the rules of this world, hunted its creatures, and saw their own bodies evolve. The higher the degree of physical evolution, the longer the life. Theoretically, if you could continue evolving, it could be possible to live forever.

In this world, science and technology became completely useless. The only things that could help humans were the most primitive fighting skills. Ancient martial arts, which were almost forgotten in modern society, had an unexpected effect here.

All kinds of ancient martial arts had been re-developed, and after more than 100 years of development, new martial arts schools were formed and became prominent.

In addition to ancient martial arts, God's Sanctuary offered another tool to enhance humans, the beast soul.

When killing a creature in God's Sanctuary, a person had a chance to obtain the beast soul of the creature. Beast souls had all kinds of forms and appearances. Some could be summoned to fight for men, and some appeared in the form of armor or weapon.

In addition, some beast souls could even help humans transform so they could take the shape of terrifying monsters, magical birds flying between heaven and earth, or insects drilling underground.

Neither martial arts nor beast souls had anything to do with Han Sen.

Even in modern society, advanced science and technology were in the hands of just a few people.

Han Sen completed integrated compulsory education and entered God’s Sanctuary when he turned 16. What he had learned from school was no more than the beginning level new martial arts that everyone knew.

As for beast souls, they were so expensive that Han Sen couldn’t afford even the cheapest.

Without martial arts and beast souls, or even advanced man-made alloy weapons, Han Sen was only able to kill some low-level creatures to eat their flesh and evolve, and he was having a difficult time in God’s Sanctuary.

But the more meat of low-level creatures he ate, the less effect of evolution he gained. Three months in God’s Sanctuary and he still could not complete a physical evolution.

Han Sen had tried to kill some of the more powerful creatures, but even the weakest primitive creature, the copper-toothed beast, almost took his life. He had to rest for nearly a month before returning to God's Sanctuary.


By this time Han Sen had eaten all kinds of ordinary creatures around him, and it wouldn’t help to eat their flesh any more. If he didn’t risk hunting more advanced creatures, he would never evolve.

When he was about to try to kill a copper-toothed beast, Han Sen saw something climbing out from the ripples of the creek.

He originally thought it was a black beetle, but immediately noticed something different: all black beetles had black shells, but a bright golden color caught his eye.

Han Sen gazed at the creature climbing out of the water. It really was a black beetle, but different from the ordinary ones because of its golden body as big as a basketball. It was like a sculpture carved from gold, and its eyes were crystal clear, like gems. It did not even look like a living thing unless observed carefully.

"Why is this black beetle so strange?" Han Sen stared at the golden black beetle.

Recently he had killed countless black beetles and knew everything about them. Their vision was poor, but their hearing was very sensitive. As long as he remained still, even in close proximity, a black beetle would not notice his presence.

Han Sen stared at the strange beetle, and unexpectedly, it climbed toward him.

Without hesitation, when the golden black beetle crawled next to Han Sen, he held down the golden black beetle's shell with one hand and swiftly cut into its fragile joints with the dagger in his other hand. He made six clean cuts vertically and horizontally to remove all six claws of the beetle.

The golden black beetle struggled and flipped over. Taking this opportunity, Han Sen pierced his dagger into a white mark on its belly and turned it sharply. The golden black beetle suddenly stopped moving.

"Sacred-blood creature black beetle killed. Beast soul of sacred-blood black beetle gained. Eat the flesh of sacred-blood black beetle to gain 0 to 10 geno points randomly."

Chapter 2: Ass Freak

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Han Sen was stunned by the sudden voice in his head, and he could hardly believe it was true. Sacred-blood creature and sacred-blood beast soul: were those even real?

The creatures of God’s Sanctuary were divided into four parts: ordinary creatures, primitive creatures, mutant creatures and sacred-blood creatures. Different geno points could be gained by eating flesh of creatures of different types.

At that time, there were four God’s Sanctuary phases known to men. With each physical evolution completed, access to the next space would be permitted. The more powerful the geno points used in evolution, the higher the likelihood of surviving in the next space.

Sacred-blood beast souls were without any doubt the best beast souls. Any sacred-blood beast soul could be sold at an enormous price.

When Han Sen finally realized what had really happened, he was almost trembling. Holding the dagger to pick open the shell of the black beetle, he filled his mouth with meat as tender as jelly.

"Flesh of black beetle eaten. One sacred geno point gained."

Feeling the flesh turn to energy and hearing the voice in his mind almost brought Han Sen to tears.

He grabbed a claw and sucked out all meat from it, feeling waves of energy hitting his body and boiling his blood.

There was not much difference between eating a sacred-blood black beetle and eating a crab. After sucking the meat clean from all six claws, Han Sen started to cut the meat inside the shell.

"Flesh of black beetle eaten. One sacred geno point gained."

"Flesh of black beetle eaten. One sacred geno point gained."

The strange voice continuously sounded in Han Sen’s mind and made him feel on top of the world.

As Han Sen was cutting away, he felt his dagger cut into something hard that made a sound like metal. Han Sen stopped.

Black beetles and crabs are alike: They looked tough, but inside their shells there would be nothing but boneless meat, so how could there be metal?

He removed the dagger, pulled aside the meat that had been cut, and saw a corner of black metal. Han Sen cut open all the meat surrounding it, and soon the black metal was completely exposed.

At first he thought it was metal, but taking it out, he discovered that it was a black crystal the size and shape of a pigeon egg.

Han Sen took the crystal in his hand and didn’t feel anything abnormal. The crystal was just like a beautiful, rounded black pebble.

But with a closer look, there seemed to be millions of stars shining in it, creating incredible beauty.

"Here is the easiest area in God’s Sanctuary," Han Sen thought. "Even primitive creatures are hard to find here, let alone sacred-blood creatures. How did this sacred-blood black beetle suddenly appear? And I’ve never heard of a sacred-blood black beetle before. Black beetles are such low life after all. And this sacred-blood black beetle is so outrageously weak. Is its appearance related to the crystal?"

There was no clue, so he simply ate all the rest of the black beetle meat and was stuffed. He gained a total of seven sacred geno points.

Seven sacred geno points were beyond his wildest dreams. With his background, he needed to risk everything even to kill a primitive creature, let alone a sacred-blood creature.

The shell of the sacred-blood black beetle was also precious material, so Han Sen picked up all the claws and stuffed them into his pocket, together with the upper and lower shells.

The shell of ordinary black beetles almost had no value, but the shell of a sacred-blood black beetle would probably make a soup that could give him one or two more sacred geno points.

It was the first time Han Sen had eaten a sacred-blood creature. Technically he could max out and get ten sacred geno points: he already had seven from the meat, and the other three should be in the shell.

If he were to sell the shell, he could probably afford a nice private aircraft in Levo Interstellar Alliance with the money he received.

On the way back to Steel Armor Castle, everyone was pointing at him, gloating and laughing, and no one would come near him.

Everyone in the Sanctuary was looking at him as if he were a monster.

Normally, when an ordinary person went to the Sanctuary, even if he were poor, if his martial skills were not too bad, he could always find some companions and kill a few primitive creatures together, and he would be nowhere near as miserable as Han Sen.

However, in the entire Steel Armor Castle, no one was willing or had the courage to have anything to do with Han Sen.

More than three months ago, Han Sen had entered God’s Sanctuary for the first time. The moment he stepped outside Steel Armor Shelter, he saw a giant white wolf unicorn standing with its back towards him around the corner of the rampart.


Without hesitation, Han Sen grabbed his dagger and fiercely stabbed the unicorn in the ass.

This stab turned Han Sen and Qin Xuan together into the biggest laughing stock in Steel Armor Shelter.

Yes, the white wolf unicorn was not a beast, but a human like Han Sen himself. She was just transforming using a beast soul.

Qin Xuan was also the most powerful woman in Steel Armor Shelter. She was likely to finish her first evolution with sacred geno points and embark on the path of evolution.

A new guy stabbing Qin Xuan's rear end became the biggest joke in Steel Armor Shelter. Although no one dared to mention this to Qin Xuan's face, secretly everyone was laughing their asses off.

And "Ass Freak" became Han Sen’s well-known nickname in Steel Armor Shelter.

Then Qin Xuan declared that whoever spent time with Han Sen would become her enemy. In Steel Armor Shelter, few people could afford to be Qin Xuan’s enemy. Even if they could afford it, no one would risk antagonizing Qin Xuan for the sake of a nobody and Ass Freak.

That was why Han Sen had such a difficult time, but he didn’t really blame Qin Xuan. It was his fault in the first place: He was too nervous the first time he came to God’s Sanctuary, plus he had never seen creatures in his previous world or transformers before, which all led to the unforgivable mistake.

Han Sen was already grateful that Qin Xuan did not kill him in anger.

The only lucky thing was that the teleportation into God’s Sanctuary was always random, and there were no familiar faces in Steel Armor Shelter, so no one knew his real name.

Chapter 3: Sacred-blood Armor

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Han Sen returned to his room, made a fire, and started boiling the black beetle claws and shells in a pot.

Without tools and know-how, he could only use the most primitive methods to process the shells and extract the geno essence.

The shell of a sacred-blood creature would take more than an hour or two to cook, so Han Sen covered the lid and took out the black crystal to take a closer look.

Still, no clues whatsoever.

Suddenly, Han Sen caught a glimpse of the caged green-scaled beast the size of a civet cat in the corner of his room and suddenly had an idea.

Like black beetles, this green-scaled beast was an ordinary creature. Han Sen used to prey on them and bring them back to cook and eat to increase his geno points.

But later, green-scaled beasts no longer increased his geno points, so Han Sen didn’t eat the last beast and forgot about it. Surprisingly, it was still alive.

He grabbed the moribund green-scaled beast from the cage, hesitated for a moment and was about to feed the black crystal to the beast.

To his surprise, seeing the black crystal, the dying green-scaled beast gathered all its strength to stretch out its tongue, roll the black crystal back into its mouth and swallow the whole crystal.

"There is indeed something magical about the black crystal!" Han Sen was stunned and found that the green-scaled beast seemed considerably more lively after swallowing the crystal, its four claws scratching and head moving to bite Han Sen’s hand, which was on its neck.

Han Sen threw the green scaled beast back into the cage and carefully watched it. The beast, which hadn’t fed for days, completely recovered its vitality, thrashing and scratching wildly in the cage, just like it had when it was first caught.

Han Sen sat across from the cage and watched the movements of the green-scaled beast. He had a guess, and if he was right, he might have obtained something incredible—something more exciting than a sacred-blood creature.

But Han Sen was afraid he was wrong, so he could only stare at the green-scaled beast anxiously, hoping to see the change that he desired.

Han Sen nervously stared intently and did not realize that he was starving until he smelled bone broth from the pot.

Looking at the time, he noticed almost 24 hours had passed. Rising to check the black beetle shell in the pot, he saw the golden color of the shell had been boiled off and the broth had become golden. It smelled so good that the hungry young man’s mouth watered.

About to scoop up a bowl of soup, Han Sen suddenly heard iron breaking from the cage of the green-scaled beast. He quickly turned around and saw the green-scaled beast had bitten off an iron bar of the cage and stretched out his head from the inside.

Its light green scales had now completely turned a dark green color. Its teeth had become sharp and the tips of its four claws were like iron hooks. The beast was about to come out of the cage.

Han Sen was pleasantly surprised and pulled out the dagger from his waist. He rushed to the front of the cage and stabbed the dagger into the lower belly of the green-scaled beast. With a turn of the dagger, the green scaled beast stopped struggling.

"Primitive creature green-scaled beast killed. No beast soul gained. Eat the flesh of the primitive green-scaled beast to gain zero to ten points randomly."

The strange voice sounded in Han Sen’s mind and left him stunned.

"Primitive green-scaled beast … Primitive creature … So the crystal can really make these creatures evolve … " Han Sen was overwhelmed with joy and did not know how to react.

After a long time, he suddenly cut open the green-scaled beast with the dagger and uncovered the crystal as big as a pigeon egg. Taking no heed of the blood on it, he kissed the crystal twice and then wiped it clean, holding it in his hands like it was a great treasure.

"The crystal was really the reason the black beetle became a sacred-blood creature … If the green-scaled beast had continued to evolve, could it have become a sacred blood creature too? " Han Sen almost dared not think about it, because it was just too amazing.

He was so excited that his hands were trembling while holding the crystal. He bit his tongue and cried out of pain so as to know that it really was not a dream.

After remaining excited for quite a while, Han Sen carefully put the crystal away, gobbled up the shell broth, and gained another sacred geno point, bringing his geno point count to eight.

Without tools and means, his primitive method couldn’t extract all geno essence from the shell, but it was good enough that he gained one sacred geno point.

Han Sen realized that he had gained a sacred-blood beast soul of a black beetle when he killed the golden black beetle, and he quickly accessed his profile.


Han Sen: Not evolved.

Status: None

Life span: 200 years.

Requirements for evolution: 100 geno points.

Geno points gained: 79 geno points; 8 sacred geno points.

Beast soul gained: Sacred-blood black beetle.

Type of sacred-blood black beetle’s beast soul: Armor.

"What would the armor of sacred-blood black beetle’s beast soul look like?" Before Han Sen finished the thought, a golden shadow shot out of thin air, looking exactly like the golden black beetle.

The golden black beetle flew to Han Sen's chest, turned into a golden liquid and started to cover his whole body. In the blink of an eye, Han Sen's whole body, together with his hair, was all wrapped up.

The streamlined gold armor was full of power and impact, and covered his whole body as if it were a suit of gothic Medieval armor instilled with improved aerodynamics—it looked just like a piece of art.

The whole suit of armor felt full of power and speed, making Han Sen look slender and majestic, as if his whole body were full of explosive power.

With shining metallic luster, the armor was gorgeous and had a solid texture. At first glance, it was even somewhat like the gold cloth worn by Golden Saints.

The difference between the gold cloth and the beast soul armor was that the armor covered the head and body completely, with only a few gaps in the joints where different pieces overlapped, just like the black beetle itself, which was the only weakness of the beast soul armor.

Han Sen moved around in the armor and there was no feeling of heaviness or clumsiness. Instead he felt that his body had become a little lighter and full of energy.

"Indeed, this was armor from a sacred-blood beast soul. It is way more gorgeous than the ones from primitive beast souls that I often have seen at Steel Armor Shelter." Han Sen felt ecstatic. He used to envy people in armor of primitive beast souls and had never thought he would get a suit of a sacred-blood beast soul one day.

Chapter 4: The Old House

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

"Yate Group President Zhao Yalong completed the third evolution, entered Fourth God’s Sanctuary, and became the 83rd human in history to enter Fourth God’s Sanctuary. His life span has reached 500 years and he has gained the status of demigod…"

"The prodigy from Raikot Galaxy, Lange, entered Second God’s Sanctuary with 100 mutation geno points. His life span has reached 300 years and he has gained the status of evolver..."

"The speaker of the House of Representatives, Hemingway, killed a demigod creature star of the ocean yesterday, and was the first to accomplished this feat... "

"According to authoritative experts, in ten years someone will complete the fourth evolution for the first time and advance into Fifth God’s Sanctuary..."

"..."

Han Sen had just teleported from the Steel Armor Shelter and the news was playing on a virtual screen.

"Evolver, surpasser and demigod. With the black crystal, I will be able to do all that, and go even farther." Han Sen shook his fist, stepped away from the teleport station, and took the maglev train home.

Before he went into the yard, Han Sen heard a harsh female voice.

"Luo Sulan, do you want to take the old house of the Hans? This house was our parents’, and my two elder brothers and I each own a part. Now my eldest brother has passed. We won’t bully you, since you are a widow, and will leave you his share. But if you want to take everything, we will never agree. "

"That’s right!" The voice of a middle-aged man chimed in. "The old house has always been the inheritance of our parents. All of us have rights to it, and you can’t keep it for yourselves. Your family has lived here for more than 20 years, so you have already taken advantage of us in a big way. It is time to divide the inheritance."

"My brother has said it," a soft-pitched male voice continued. "You lived in the old house for more than 20 years. We will not collect the rent, but this old house is our inheritance and has to be divided."

A young woman’s voice could be heard saying, "We have an estimate from a lawyer, and this old house is now worth more than three million. We are three households, so we should get a million each. You can either give each of us a million and own this old house outright, or sell the house, and then we all split the money. We are okay with either option you choose."

"Exactly, now that our eldest brother is gone, we won’t bully his widow and kids. You can give us money or sell the house, as you like," the harsh first voice began again.

"Brother and sister, there is no need to force me. You know our situation. We don’t have two million," a woman said sadly.

"Then put the house up for sale," the harsh woman immediately said.

"Where would we live without a house? Han Sen just graduated and Han Yan is about to go to school," the sad woman said.

"Sister-in-law, this is not reasonable. How are you the only one with troubles? Your kids Han Sen and Han Yan are only enrolled in integrated compulsory education, while my Han Hao goes to a private school. His tuition gives me grey hair every year. "

"Sister, you are right. We are all having a hard time and everyone needs money. Why don’t we just sell the house? We could all take some, and you could afford Han Yan’s education," said the effeminate voice.

"Anyway, you either give us money or sell the house. Your choice," the young woman said coldly.

Outside the house, Han Sen became furious as he listened. He pushed the door open and saw his mother shedding tears while holding his sister, Han Yan. The five-year-old girl curled up in the arms of her mother, her big eyes full of fear. Next to them, two men and two women were all smiling indifferently.

"How dare you come here and ask for the old house?" Han Sen pointed to the fierce-looking fat woman and exclaimed in anger. "Aunt, you used to be an accountant in the company and brought about tens of millions in bad debts. Did my dad not help you after you begged him?"

"Han Sen, what nonsense. Who caused bad debts? Stop lying," the skinny guy with the effeminate voice cried, pointing to Han Sen.

"Uncle, you embezzled the company's public funds to invest and lost a few million." Han Sen pointed to the skinny guy. "Did you not come to my home and get on your knees to beg my dad for help?"

"And you, uncle, you owed so many gambling debts that you were almost forced to commit suicide. Who helped you? When you were almost beaten to death, who saved your life?" Han Sen pointed to the fat, middle-aged man.

"Starry Group wanted to acquire our family business. If my dad didn’t represent all of you and then had a falling out with Starry Group, would he have died in such a shady way?" Han Sen clenched his teeth, looking at the four. "But you, you skipped my dad’s funeral and sold the company to Starry Group upon his death. Did you give us any of the money you got from selling the company? Also, who paid for YOUR houses when you got married? Were those houses any cheaper than this old house? Did you take care of your parents for a single day when they were alive? How dare you come here to ask for a share of the old house?"


"Stop it! Your father only did what he wanted to do. The company belonged to my father, and we all have shares. He can’t decide for us. And surely, we can spend the money of the company," Uncle Han Lei said brazenly.

"That’s true. Your father was a dictator, and we are only getting our own money back. It does not matter what you say. Give the money or sell the house, otherwise we’ll see you in court. You will lose the case wherever we go," Aunt Han Yumei shouted.

"It’s all your dad's fault … " They started to accuse Han Sen’s late father.

Han Sen was shaking with anger and felt wronged for his father. When his father took over the company, it was only a small business, worth one or two million. He spent so much effort for the company to bloom and had to look after his family and make up for their mistakes. A few times the company was on the brink of bankruptcy due to liquidity problems. And he even died for the company. After his death, however, his wife and children were bullied by the relatives that he used to help.

When Han Sen's father was alive, he always said that they were family and there’s no need to argue. And what an irony it has become now!

If they truly needed the money and had difficulties, Han Sen would just agree to give it. But all the private aircrafts they piloted here were worth more than a million. And they at least got ten million from selling the company, which all fell into their pockets, and nothing was given to Han Sen’s family. It was simply impossible that they didn’t even have a million.

Chapter 5: Swift Mantis

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

After making a fuss at Han Sen’s home, Han Yumei and Han Lei gave his family an ultimatum—they had to come up with the money or sell the house in one month, otherwise they would file a lawsuit.

"I’m so useless that I can’t even keep the house." Luo Sulan held Han Yan, her face covered with tears.

Luo Sulan was a gentle lady. When Han Sen's father was still alive, she was treated like a princess. She didn’t even know how to sweep the floor, let alone do other chores. Han Sen knew how difficult it was for her to raise his sister and him after his father passed away.

"Don’t worry, Mom. I am here even though Dad isn’t. I will not let them take away our house. You take a rest and I’ll consult Uncle Zhang on the matter." Han Sen called a friend of his father’s, Mr. Zhang. He was the lawyer who used to work in their family business as legal counsel.

"Hi, Uncle Zhang? This is Sen ... Is your back any better? I have a legal matter that I want to ask you about ... so ... " Han Sen looked a little pale when he hung up.

He had confirmed that his relative told the truth—they do have rights to a part of the house. And if they really did go to court, the verdict would be close to what they’ve asked for—to either pay them money or sell the house.

"Sen, what did Mr. Zhang say?" Luo Sulan asked Han Sen, looking at him nervously.

"Don’t you worry, Mom. I have checked with Uncle Zhang and there is a solution. You just make sure Yan is okay, and I’ll take care of this. The house will not be taken away by anyone," Han Sen said with a smile.

"That's good ... that's great … " Luo Sulan breathed a sigh of relief.

Having rested at home for a night, Han Sen took a train to the teleport station and entered God’s Sanctuary in the morning.

Han Sen was teleported to his room at the Steel Armor Shelter. When one was teleported into God’s Sanctuary, one would appear in a certain room only accessible to him or her. Unless permitted by the owner, others were not able to enter the room.

Before finishing the first evolution and entering Second God’s Sanctuary, this was Han Sen’s home in God’s Sanctuary.

Now Han Sen had no power or influence. The only solution was to come up with two million dollars in a month if he wanted to keep the house.

Although he felt it was unfair, without power, there was nothing left to do.

Two million Levo dollars was an enormous amount for a young man who just finished integrated compulsory education.

In the past, Han Sen couldn’t have earned two million in a year, let alone in a month. But now everything was different. In fact, if he had not already cooked the shell of the sacred-blood black beetle, the shell alone would be worth one or two million.

Even without the shell, he still had the black crystal that could make creatures evolve. As long as he had that, two million was nothing.

Looking at the body of the primitive green-scaled beast on the ground, Han Sen hesitated for a moment before cutting the body into pieces. He then dried the meat, made it into beef jerky and carried it with him in his waist pack.

He must first catch a creature before he could use the crystal to make it evolve and trade the flesh of the evolved creature for money. Now that Han Sen owned a suit of sacred-blood-beast soul armor, he could up his game and start to hunt primitive creatures instead of ordinary creatures.

Primitive creatures weren’t worth much, and he would waste a day’s time waiting for an ordinary creature to evolve into a primitive one. To come up with two million, Han Sen would need to sell at least a mutant creature.

Primitive creatures were usually seen a dozen kilometers from Steel Armor Shelter. Han Sen had not dared to go that far before, but now he his had his armor.

This time, his goal was no longer a copper toothed beast, the weakest among all primitive creatures, but the swift mantis often spotted in Zephyr Valley.

Although a primitive creature, a swift mantis had a fragile body and could easily be killed by a normal alloy dagger if stabbed in a vulnerable spot. However, a swift mantis was so fast that ordinary people couldn’t keep up with it. And its pair of hacksaw-like forelegs could easily split human bones. Once hit by the forelegs, a person would be crippled, if not killed. So few humans would go to hunt this creature.

For Han Sen, however, the swift mantis was the best option. It was in the end only a primitive creature, and there was no way it could cut open his sacred-blood-beast soul armor. If he couldn’t be hurt by the mantis, surely he could kill it.

The most important thing was that with claws and wings cut off, a swift mantis could no longer fight back but could still live. This way, Han Sen could easily take it back, keep it in his room, and use the black crystal to make it evolve into a mutant creature before he sold its flesh.


Of course, if he were able kill a few swift mantises and got lucky, he might even gain a beast soul.

The beast soul of a swift mantis was in the shape of a swift jagged blade, which was a long dagger, a type of weapon Han Sen had mastered.

Although the swift jagged blade was only a primitive beast soul weapon, it was the sharpest of all primitive weapons, and could even compare to some mutant beast soul weapons.

Because of the danger of hunting swift mantises, few would go to Zephyr Valley, and even fewer had obtained a swift jagged blade. If the rare weapon were to be sold, it would cost more than two million. So, if Han Sen could score a beast soul of a swift mantis, there would be no need to sell mutant creature flesh any more.

The closer Han Sen got to Zephyr Valley, the fewer people he could see. Around the valley, there was no human activity at all.

Han Sen did not dare to go too deep, so he found a hidden place and summoned the sacred-blood black beetle beast soul to cover himself in the golden armor. Taking a deep breath, he sneaked towards Zephyr Valley.

Han Sen did not dare to go too fast. The valley was covered with trees and wild grass as tall as a man. As the trees and grass swung with the wind, it was difficult to spot any swift mantis that might be hiding there. Even momentary carelessness could lead to broken bones from a mantis attack.

Chapter 1: Starting Over

Translator:Hellscythe_

Editor:Hellscythe_

In the dead of night. At Green Bamboo upper-class area, Jin Hai City.

Shi Feng held a folder of documents as he sat silently on the leather sofa. Gazing at the pool outside through the French window, Shi Feng was filled with both frustration and unwillingness.

He was the captain of [Shadow], one of Jin Hai City's top four gaming Workshops. He had commanded a guild of tens of thousands of people. Even more, he was Jin Hai City's famous expert; he was the Sword Magician. However, now the only thing he could do was drink away his sorrows inside his home.

Ten years, he had spent in gaming.

Ten years, he had fought in blood-soaked battles.

He experienced countless trials and suffering. Under his leadership, Shadow had successfully established ten City States in <<God's Domain>>. They were finally capable of rivaling the First-Rate Guilds. However, before he could enjoy any of that endless glory, a single document had turned everything into passing smoke; once it was gone, it was never coming back.

Shi Feng never thought his ten years of effort would just go to waste. He sacrificed so much just for the game and yet, all he did was pave the way for others to the very end. All of this culminated because he had opposed the decision for Shadow to join the Super-Guild, [World Dominators]. It wasn't even the next day before Lan Hua Financial Group gave him their reply. He had to delete his Level 200 Sword King, the account he had spent ten years of blood and sweat on, and to collect his settlement check from the financial department.

All he received was 5,000,000 Credits and a single mansion. When compared to the established ten City States inside the money generating virtual kingdom, it couldn't even be considered a drop in the ocean.

Shi Feng thought about how much he had contributed to Shadow. He thought about how his efforts had turned Lan Hua Groups into a large financial group. Then, he thought about how they still threw him away, as if he was no different from garbage; Shi Feng swore he would take revenge for their actions.

"I won't just let this go. At worst, I'll just start over."

Shi Feng's eyes flashed with confidence and resolution; his hands tore the termination contract into little pieces. Grabbing the bottle of wine from the tabletop, he gulped down several mouthfuls.

Even if he no longer had his Sword King account, even if he no longer had his team's support, the skills and knowledge he obtained from the game would not betray him. As long as his skills remained, he could still rise once more within God's Domain; he could rebuild a virtual kingdom of his own.

Early morning. The sun had just risen.

Di! Di! Di!

The phone alarm continuously rang.

Shi Feng woke up resentfully. He helplessly reached for his phone by the bedside; the effects from yesterday's drinking still loomed over him.

"Hey, what's up?"

"Brother Feng, it's me, Blackie. You're still asking what's up? Didn't we agree to become professional gamers? Shadow Workshop is recruiting at our school today. Haven't you always wanted to become Shadow's core member?"

Shi Feng was slightly confused.

Lan Hua Financial Group just fired him, so why would he attend Shadow's examination?

"Brother Feng? Brother Feng? Can you hear me? They're testing at ten o'clock. If you don't hurry up, you're not gonna make it!"

"Blackie, stop joking around; I just got fired from Shadow."

"Fired? Brother Feng, how much did you drink yesterday? Even now, you're still not awake? How could you be fired if Shadow hasn't even recruited anybody until now? Alright, just come quickly."

Blackie had cut the call before Shi Feng could respond.

When Shi Feng looked at his phone in a daze, he discovered that this old and broken down iPhone 6 was not his phone. His phone was the latest iPhone 12.

Immediately, Shi Feng inspected his surroundings.

What met his eyes was a messy room, no larger than fifteen square meters. All around, there were books on gaming strategies. At a corner of the room, above the study table, there was an extremely outdated laptop. Within the wardrobe by the wall, there were clothes messily piled together. Inside the wardrobe, there was a mirror; a mirror that currently showed a familiar face.

Shi Feng jumped up in shock when he saw this extremely familiar face.

"How have I become young again?" Shi Feng immediately walked towards the mirror. Only after looking at the mirror, at the reflection shown on it, over and over, did Shi Feng confirm that he had indeed become young again.

He slept in his luxurious and spacious bedroom yesterday but now he was in this broken down place after waking up. Not only that, he also had become young again.

Shi Feng could still recall some memories regarding this place. He had lived here ten years ago. For over six months, Shi Feng rented this place in reluctance, all so that he could play God's Domain while also attending university. Only after he had earned some money in God's Domain had he rented a large condominium.

Shi Feng thought back to those arduous years. His family circumstances at that time weren't in good shape. For Shi Feng to attend university, his parents had racked up some debts. Even so, Shi Feng's parents still made sure to send him sufficient living expenses every month, taking on the suffering, themselves, in return.

Shi Feng wholeheartedly wanted to change his family circumstances. However, finding a well-paying job while the streets were filled with university graduates was tremendously hard; so he thought of the highly profitable Virtual Reality games. Setting professional gamer as his goal, he even bought a Virtual Gaming Helmet, training arduously within the game to improve his skills.

During that time, bread and instant noodles became his daily meals. To save money, he had also avoided participating in social gatherings held by his classmates, causing him to become an invisible existence in his class. The boys would look at him with disdain, while the girls would distance themselves from him. Everytime Shi Feng went shopping for cup noodles, his wallet would have no more than 10 Credits. He did not even dare buy a ham sausage that only cost a single Credit. In pity, the female salesperson there had offered him the ham sausage at a discounted price. However, the feeling of his empty wallet made Shi Feng refuse with great reluctance.

"Is someone playing a prank on me?"

Shi Feng stared at his younger self through the mirror and at the familiar surroundings. Shi Feng couldn't help but shake his head, denying such a conclusion.

Even America, as the world's most developed country, didn't have such rejuvenating technology. Besides, who would play such a joke with a poor old uncle like him?

Shi Feng looked at the time on his phone.

19th-April-2129.

"Don't tell me I have been reincarnated?" Shi Feng's face revealed a bitter smile.

He remembered today was the 5th of August, in the year 2139. It couldn't possibly be April of 2129, the year he was still attending university.

Shi Feng shook his head, trying to wake himself up. Yet, deep down, he still held onto a thread of hope, wishing that he could be reincarnated, returning to the time ten years ago. He walked towards the desk, powering up the laptop.

Even if the time on his phone could be faked, the information on the internet definitely couldn't.

After surfing the web for several minutes...

Shi Feng was utterly devastated. All the information he found on the internet showed that today was 19th of April, 2129. Even the highly anticipated official release date of God's Domain was clearly displayed on its official site, counting down to six days from now, the 25th of April.

"I really have been reincarnated! Did I really come back to ten years ago?" Shi Feng firmly stared at the news report of God's Domain, emotional tears leaking from the corners of his eyes.

Shi Feng's feelings were hard to describe at that moment. He felt both regret, sadness, and joy.

It was as if everything before him was just a dream.

Nonetheless, the chirping of insects and the cold wind blown from the air conditioner told him otherwise, that everything was real.

Looking at his phone, at the family photo he took when he entered university, Shi Feng never realized that his parents had white hair. The corners of his mother's eyes even had wrinkles. They were no longer as lively as before; they were truly old now.

A year and a half had already passed since God's Domain's release when Shi Feng noticed how aged his parents were. The large amounts of debt, excessive laboring, and stress had caused both his parents to fall ill, gravely ill. Curing them required millions of Credits but, during that time, Shi Feng was merely a squad captain in Shadow. The money he earned was far from enough to foot such expensive costs.

Shi Feng tried everything to collect enough money, yet it was still not enough. Even with trying his all, Shi Feng's parents still left him a few months later.

In his previous life, he failed to care for his parents properly. How could he have known of the pain and suffering?

After Shi Feng earned millions of Credits, this pain remained within Shi Feng's heart for forever more.

Never would he have thought fate would play such a joke on him. He unexpectedly returned to the starting point, starting back up from zero.

"Great! This is just too great! Hahaha! Since I have been reincarnated, I have to change everything. I will earn enough money to cure mom and dad and I will let them live a life without worries." Shi Feng silently swore to himself as he wiped away the tears.

Just when Shi Feng was planning for his future, Blackie's call came ringing again, continuously urging Shi Feng to go quickly to the university for the test.

Yet, Shi Feng did not rush. He dressed at a relaxed pace, tidying himself up before heading to Jin Hai University.

He could not be more familiar with Shadow.

Shi Feng still remembered. It was while he was still attending university, Lan Hua Group’s prized son, Lan Hailong, started up Shadow Workshop to enter God's Domain. Lan Hailong also invested considerable funding into the recruitment of the student experts of Jin Hai University. Shi Feng participated in Shadow's examination at the time, successfully becoming a core member of the Workshop; whereas Blackie became an outer member. Shi Feng had been happy for quite some time after that incident.

After three years of being under the leadership of Shi Feng, Shadow Workshop allowed Lan Hua Group to greatly profit from God's Domain, quickly becoming a large financial group. However, Shi Feng would never have thought that Lan Hailong would be the one to fire him, personally.

Since he had been reincarnated, he had an absolute advantage within God's Domain that others did not. Naturally, he would not be joining Shadow to become a tool that profited others. He wanted to walk a different path; a path where he fought not for others, but for himself. He wanted to remove the need for his parents to send him living expenses. He wanted to pay back all the debt they had collected. To do that, he wanted to venture, to start his own Workshop, to start his own company, and to build his own virtual kingdom... all to live a better life.

As soon as Shi Feng arrived at Teaching Block 1, he caught sight of a thin and tall figure in front of the building. The tanned youth was pacing around the hallway in a panic; this person was Blackie.

"Brother Feng, you've finally decided to show up. Fortunately, registration hasn't closed yet, so let's hurry in and sign up." Blackie said anxiously after seeing Shi Feng.

Shi Feng shook his head, seriously saying, "Blackie, I'm not joining Shadow; I'll be opening my own Workshop. Will you join me?"

Blackie was someone Shi Feng met in another Virtual Reality game and the former had pretty good skills. The two of them had faced many challenges together and they were no different than true brothers at this point. During their time together working in Shadow, Blackie showed great talent in administration, even though he lacked the talent for gaming. He managed the hundred thousand Guild members clearly and orderly. If Shi Feng had Blackie's help this time, his plans would be one step further. Yet, he would respect Blackie's decision regardless. It was because Shi Feng had nothing right now, and Blackie's family circumstances were not that well, either. Blackie had only chosen to become a professional gamer and join Shadow to earn some Credits for living expenses.

Blackie blanked at Shi Feng's words, lowering his head in silence. It was just too sudden. Not only that, the Shi Feng that he saw today felt different. Unlike his usual impatient attitude, Shi Feng currently gave off an unshakable and confident aura.

After a full minute, Blackie raised his head to look at Shi Feng.

"Brother Feng, stop speaking nonsense. Do you know how much a Virtual Gaming Helmet costs? That's 8,000 Credits. You also need at least six people to start up a Workshop. What about the workplace, salary, and everything else? Just the initial startup funds would require seventy to eighty thousand. There are also the follow-up investments. That's a lot of Credits. Do you have that many Credits right now?" Blackie was very aware of Shi Feng's circumstances. He knew Shi Feng's household wasn't well off, so he wanted to persuade Shi Feng away from this sort of crazy thinking.

"You're right. Right now, I don't even have the Credits for a God's Domain Virtual Gaming Helmet." Shi Feng nodded his head in admittance. It was like Blackie said. Even just seventy to eighty thousand was considered a small amount. Shi Feng recalled Lan Hailong had spent over 5,000,000 Credits for the hundred man Workshop he had recruited. He had also spent more in the later stages to upgrade the Workshop's quality and strength.

"Since this is so, rather than take the risk, wouldn't it be safer to join Shadow? At the very least, Shadow can provide us with Virtual Gaming Helmets. Otherwise, forget becoming professional players; we wouldn't even be able to play the game." Seeing that Shi Feng understood the core of the problem, Blackie sighed in relief as he pulled Shi Feng into the teaching block.

Shi Feng shook away Blackie's hand, sternly staring at Blackie before saying in a grave tone, "I still plan on starting my own Workshop. I don't want to be controlled by others. So, Blackie, will you join me?"

Shi Feng would not insist to Blackie since he did not have any guarantees. He also couldn't reveal the secret that he had been reincarnated. He could only hope that Blackie would believe in him.

Seeing Shi Feng's serious expression, Blackie felt Shi Feng was acting weird today. This was madness. Everyone knew you couldn't earn money during the initial periods of virtual games. Did Shi Feng have some way to make money in God's Domain? Even if they did make money, it would be after a few months. They did not have that much time to waste.

After hesitating for quite some time, Blackie reluctantly answered, "I get it. You're the boss. I'll start a Workshop together with you but what about the Virtual Gaming Helmets? We can't play the game without them, right?"

Shi Feng's tightened brows immediately relaxed as he happily clapped Blackie's shoulders, saying, "Now this is my good brother! Don't worry about the gaming helmets. I recall that God's Domain had a trial period available for university students. Every university has a distribution point and, as long as you show them your student identification, then, for ten days, you can obtain a gaming helmet for free. Let's go and take a look."

"What do we do after ten days?" Blackie's tanned face turned ashen, suddenly feeling his future was pitch black. Why did he have to believe Shi Feng? Could it be Shi Feng's confidence and steadiness? There wouldn’t be a problem venturing together with Shi Feng, right?

What could you do with ten days in God's Domain?

They would definitely miss out on the recruitment period of Workshops after ten days. In the end, they still had to buy the gaming helmet but where would the money come from?

Not even a professional gamer with a group would be able to earn 16,000 Credits within ten days of God's Domain's opening.

"Leave the money problem to me."

Shi Feng revealed a confident smile as he clapped Blackie's shoulders.

Earning 16,000 Credits in ten days was indeed a pure fantasy. However, he had his spirit as a reincarnated person. No matter what the challenges were, he would break through them all and the release of God's Domain was the starting point of his rise.

Afterward, Shi Feng brought Blackie to retrieve the virtual gaming helmets. He then used all his money to buy two large boxes of instant noodles, placing them under his desk in his rented house. They were enough to last him for over ten days. After briefing Blackie on some things in God's Domain, Shi Feng quietly waited for God's Domain's opening.

25th of April, 9 pm. Within the dark and silent room, a few glimmers of light flickered alive.

Shi Feng laid on his bed, gently pushing the start button as he closed his eyes.

"God's Domain, here I come."

Chapter 2 - Sherlock’s Request

To accommodate the majority of players, God's Domain could be played while sleeping. Also, the time within the game was different than in reality, where two hours within the game was equal to one hour in reality.

Each day within the game was made up of forty-eight hours, consisting of thirty hours daytime and eighteen hours of night.

Not only that, to allow the bulk of working class people to enjoy the game, nighttime, in reality, was daytime in the game.

Shi Feng passed through a multicolored tunnel as soon as he arrived in God's Domain, arriving at a solemn. golden temple.

A female angel with four pairs of wings flew towards Shi Feng. She was only about palm sized.

"Hello Adventurer, welcome to God's Domain. I am the Navigation Angel, Gabriel. I will be introducing to you the four main categories and twelve main jobs. Please choose the job that you like most."

With a wave of Gabriel's small hand, an illustration introducing the twelve main jobs appeared in front of Shi Feng.

These twelve jobs were categorized into four main classes.

Warrior: Shield Warrior, Guardian Knight, Berserker.

Weapons Specialist: Swordsman, Assassin, Ranger.

Healer: Cleric, Druid, Oracle.

Mage: Elementalist, Summoner, Cursemancer.

Warriors specialized in defending against monsters; weapons specialists focused on physical damage output; healers focused on healing; mages focused on magical damage output. Every job had their own style of battle, which was one of the main selling points of God's Domain.

In his previous life, Shi Feng picked the Swordsman under Weapon Specialists and he was even known as the Sword Magician.

Shi Feng had already invested too much in the Swordsman job, so naturally, he would not choose any other job. He chose the Swordsman class he was familiar with without hesitation.

"Job selection complete. Please designate a name for your character."

"Ye Feng."

Shi Feng chose the same name he had in his previous life.

"Naming successful. Do you wish to adjust your appearance? Adjustment rate limited to 15%."

Thinking about it for awhile, Shi Feng chose to adjust his character's appearance by 15% as to not stand out. With this, nobody could recognize Shi Feng if they saw his character, though it wasn't as handsome as the original.

"Please select a birthplace in the Star-Moon Kingdom."

A map that displayed tens of cities belonging to the Star-Moon Kingdom appeared in front of Shi Feng.

The opening of God's Domain was globally synchronized. To accommodate for the hundreds of millions of players, the lands of God's Domain were incredibly vast, measuring up to two or three times of Earth, and the kingdoms within were even more plentiful. However, a player's living area and city, in reality, determined the country they would start in, so players could only choose the cities within the country.

"White River City."

Shi Feng did not plan to choose any other cities, so he chose the White River City that he was most familiar with.

White River City was Star-Moon Kingdom's fifth ranked city. It was an important city in the north of Star-Moon Kingdom There were quite a few Workshops that chose to develop there to avoid the struggles between large Guilds.

"City confirmed. Player will arrive in Red Leaf Town of White River City in three seconds. We wish you happy gaming."

The sight before Shi Feng immediately blurred as he was sent away.

Red Leaf Town, the buildings that were chaotically arranged there had a similar style to the medieval ages. NPCs filled the bustling streets, making them feel as if it was another world.

Shi Feng arrived at the front of a church, his new appearance resembling a penniless Swordsman. He currently wore a gray Novice Leather Armor and on his waist hung a Novice Sword.

"I still ended up in Red Leaf Town, in the end." Shi Feng smiled faintly as he looked at the familiar sight of the small town, confidence welling up within him.

At that moment, many players had started wandering around the town, speaking to NPCs in hopes of obtaining a trail for a Quest. There were also quite a few players that went out of the village, going out to the wilderness to kill monsters. Every one of them was carrying out their tasks as if their lives depended on it and they couldn't help but wish they could split their time in two.

Shi Feng didn't pay attention to the other players. With a slight wave and touch of his finger, a player's Attribute Panel appeared before him.

Character: Ye Feng (Human)

Affiliated Kingdom: Star-Moon

Title: None

Job: Swordsman

Level: 0

HP: 100/100

Physical Attack Power: 13

Defense: 4

Attack Speed: 3

Movement Speed: 4

Attributes: Strength 5, Agility 3, Endurance 4, Intelligence 2, Vitality 2.


Free Attribute Points: 4

Weapon Mastery:

One-handed Sword Mastery +5 (Apprentice Rank - Increases One-handed Sword Damage by 5%)

Two-handed Sword Mastery + 5 (Apprentice Rank - Increases Two-handed Sword Damage by 5%)

Free Mastery Points: 0

Job Talent:

Swordsman Talent 1: Sword-related Mastery +5

Swordsman Talent 2: Obtain 8 Free Mastery Points every 5 Levels.

Swordsman Talent 3: Sword-related skills proficiency increased by 50%.

Skills:

Chop. Active skill. Requirement: Sword. Additional 8 points of damage. Cooldown: 5 seconds. Skill Level: 1 (Proficiency 0/300)

Equipment:

[Swordsman's Leather Shirt] (Gray Trash)

Level 0

Defense +2

Durability 10/10

[Novice Sword] (Gray Trash, One-handed Sword)

Level 0

Equipment Requirement: Strength 3

Attack Power +3

Durability 15/15

Inside his bag, there were ten pieces of Bread and ten pouches of Water. Eating the Bread would recover 10 HP per second while drinking Water will recover 10 MP per second, and both effects lasted ten seconds.

Every Swordsman started with the same Attributes, the only difference being the allocation of the Free Attribute Points.

Each player could obtain 4 Free Attribute Points with each increase in Level. With each rise in Level, the different ways players used these points would result in their own unique style.

Strength increases Physical Attack Power and the weight behind each attack. Agility increases Attack Speed and Movement Speed. Endurance increases maximum HP and stamina. Intelligence increases Magical Attack Power and maximum MP and Vitality increases the recovery rate of MP and HP. Every Job places emphasis on different Attributes.

As Swordsmen belonged to the physical damage Jobs, most people would prioritize Strength. In his previous life, Shi Feng also made such a choice, adding 2 points to Strength, one point to Endurance, and one point to Agility for every Level. It was a very ordinary and commonplace choice.

However, Shi Feng did not plan to do so in this life.

Without hesitation, Shi Feng clicked on the plus sign (+) for Agility, placing all 4 Free Attribute Points into it. Shi Feng's Agility increased to 7 points; his Attack Speed changing to 4 and Movement Speed to 4.

This method of point allocation was something not even Assassins, who were widely known for their high Agility, would do. They would prioritize Strength first, as more damage meant an easier time leveling up.

Unfortunately, Shi Feng didn't think that way.

For melee Jobs, Agility was the best choice at the early stages of God's Domain. This was kept a secret, only being discovered several weeks after God's Domain's opening. When it was finally made known, countless melee players couldn't help but hammer their chests in regret.

After adding the Attribute Points, Shi Feng took a look at his surroundings.

Only a while had passed before another large group of players were sent here. Green rhombus-like symbols belonging to players filled the air of the central plaza, blocking out the yellow symbols belonging to NPCs. Such a situation made looking for an NPC an even greater challenge.

Di! Di! Di!

Shi Feng's voice communication rang, the caller's name showing Black Cloud. It was Blackie calling.

"Brother Feng, I chose Cursemancer and was sent to Falling Moon Town. Where are you?" Now that he had entered God's Domain, Blackie was extremely excited, itching to start his journey quickly.

"I'm in Red Leaf Town, not that far from Falling Moon Town. I'll help you level up, so come to Red Leaf Town." Shi Feng said.

"Brother Feng, you must be crazy. Do you know how far Falling Moon Town is from Red Leaf Village? The Map says that it'll take me seven hours to get there. I'll fall behind all the other players by a lot if I go there. We should just level up on our own and meet up at White River City after reaching Level 10." Blackie nearly coughed out blood in anger. Earning 16,000 Credits in ten days was already madness. Instead of frantically leveling up after entering God's Domain, he was asked to waste seven hours? He wasn't going to do that, even if he was beaten to death.

"Don't worry. You should just come over. You'll get back the time you waste very quickly." Shi Feng said dully.

When Blackie heard Shi Feng's confident tone, he asked excitedly, "Brother Feng, could it be that you have a Beta Tester's information?"

God's Domain had invited quite a few people to test the game before it opened and these people were called Beta Testers. These Beta Testers could get ahold of first-hand information for God's Domain and, although changes would be made to the game, the Beta Testers would most definitely know more than regular players.

"What do you think? Just hurry over here." Shi Feng answered in a mysterious tone, laughing.


Hearing Shi Feng's words, Blackie knew Shi Feng had reliable information, and he couldn't help but get excited, saying, "Ok, wait for me Brother Feng; I'll go there right this instant."

Ending Blackie's call, Shi Feng walked towards a small dark alley of the town.

There were hundreds of NPCs in Red Leaf Town. However, NPCs that gave Quests only numbered in the tens, while Hidden Quests numbered five, and Unique Quests numbered only one. A unique Quest would no longer be available once completed by a player.

The Unique Quest in Red Leaf Town was only discovered two months after God's Domain's opening and it had caused a sensation throughout the entire White River City the last time. As the Quest was unique, the lucky player revealed the method to obtain it, earning the envy of many players. Unfortunately for them, the Quest was no longer available, even if they wanted to do it.

Of course, Shi Feng wouldn't let this Unique Quest go in this life.

Shi Feng arrived at the dark alley filled with beggars in tattered clothing. The beggars were like wolves discovering fresh meat when they saw Shi Feng walking over, quickly surrounding him as they begged for food.

There was once a player who had given these beggars a lot of food. These beggars would ask for items after having their fill and they would ask for more expensive items after each time. The player had agreed to all their requests, consecutively fulfilling more than ten of their wishes. Unfortunately, the beggars gave absolutely nothing in return, causing the player to nearly pop a vein, becoming a joke for others.

"Get lost!"

Shi Feng yelled as he pulled out his Novice Sword, causing the powerless beggars to quickly hide away.

Shi Feng walked to a corner after the beggars dispersed; a vagrant middle-aged man was lying there. There wasn't much of a difference between the man and the other beggars but if there were one, it would be the man's unyielding integrity, as he was the only one not begging for food.

"Do you need any help, Sir?" Shi Feng formally asked the man.

"Can you give me some food? It's been five days since I've last eaten," the male beggar responded.

Shi Feng smiled faintly, seriously saying: "Unfortunately Sir, I cannot agree to your wish."

A normal person would probably spew blood out in anger if they heard such a reply. However, this beggar merely let out a sigh, no longer saying a word.

"However, if you are willing to pay an appropriate price, I can give you the food you need." Shi Feng said.

The beggar lifted his head and looked at Shi Feng, his eyes carrying a hint of anticipation as he said, "If I had the money, I would definitely be willing to pay this cost, but right now I have nothing. Although, if you are willing to help me, I will pay you a sufficient price. Are you willing to help me?"

"May I ask what you want me to do?" Shi Feng questioned.

The beggar said seriously, "Please help me kill the Mayor of Red Leaf Town, Cross."

Even though Red Leaf Town was just a small town, the Town Mayor was still a Level 15 Elite. There were also Level 25 Guards by his side. Aside from that, killing an NPC would result in being arrested. Killing the Mayor was, without a doubt, a crazy action and no player would believe this was a Quest, as this was no different than telling players to commit suicide. Nobody would agree to such a damnable request.

"Alright, I promise you." Shi Feng unhesitatingly agreed with a smile.

System: Unique Quest "Sherlock's Request" accepted.

Quest Details: Kill Cross, the Mayor of Red Leaf Town and bring the [Mayor's Insignia] back to Sherlock. Players must not exceed Level 10.

Shi Feng turned around and headed towards the Town Hall, the place where the Mayor was staying, at after receiving the Quest.

Chapter 3 - Lonely Snow

Shi Feng walked on the path towards the town hall, crowded with people.

The less than spacious road was filled with players. They were conversing with the NPCs, taking the chance to obtain a Quest. Such a scene gave one a feeling of arriving at a market.

Unfortunately, it was not an easy task obtaining a Quest in God’s Domain. The main reason being, the NPCs had high intelligence, giving them the capability to hold one-to-one conversations. Also, players must watch what they say or risk being given the cold shoulder by the NPCs. And there was a tide of players as competition; obtaining an easily found Normal Quest was truly difficult.

After more than ten minutes since God’s Domain started, there had yet to be a single player within Red Leaf Town to receive a Normal Quest.

In comparison, Shi Feng’s advantage as a reincarnated person was truly great. Not only has he received a Quest, but it was a Unique Quest; albeit a slightly damnable one. However, a Unique Quest’s reward was incredibly generous. Even top-tier players who had played God’s Domain for a month would drool at the reward of this Unique Quest.

As a person who had been reincarnated, Shi Feng had the experience of leading thousands of people while he was in Shadow Workshop. They had even built ten City States. The amount of information on God’s Domain that was within his grasp far surpassed what the average player knew. It was especially true when it came to strategies on leveling up and earning money. These were the must-have essentials for a Workshop with thousands of players to grow in strength.

Now that he had been reincarnated and was playing God’s Domain again, Shi Feng wanted to use this information to accumulate a significant amount of advantages. It was all to build a better foundation for his future development. So naturally, he would not be imitating the average player, wasting hours on the streets just to fight over a single Normal Quest. Even more so, he would not be emulating those skilled players, using their refined techniques to kill monsters in the wild, because, at this moment, there were probably more players than monsters in the wild.

What Shi Feng wanted to do was to avoid these piles of players; hence why he chose the Unique Quest which had an absurd difficulty.

However, completing this Quest required money, something Shi Feng did not have right now.

Every player would receive 10 Copper Coins at the start of the game. Although it was not enough to buy a Weapon or Equipment, purchasing HP or MP replenishing refreshments was not a problem.

When Shi Feng arrived at the front of the two-storied Town Hall, he was met with a scene of hundreds of people, queuing up into a long line.

Regardless of which game it was, the Village Head or Town Mayor was unquestionably a target to receive Quests from. Naturally, no player would let this chance go.

“Hey newcomer, queue up if you don’t wanna cause a public outrage,” from within the queue, a simple and honest looking male Warrior looked at Shi Feng. The Warrior held up his hand, pointing towards the back of the line of people.

“I’m not here to receive a Quest.” Shi Feng said indifferently as he looked at the long line in front of the Town Hall.

Compared to the other locations, this place had great order and efficiency. Although it would take more time to receive a Quest, it was much better than some who could not receive one at all.

The male Warrior cautiously looked at Shi Feng. Everybody was frantically trying to receive a Quest right now... but there was someone who actually said that he wasn’t interested towards it? Not even a ghost would believe that!

“I’m honestly not here to receive a Quest,” Shi Feng looked at the male warrior. Seeing the person’s hostile eyes and how he thought Shi Feng had wanted to jump queue, Shi Feng said with a smile, “However, I advise you to receive a Quest somewhere else. You’ll just be pointlessly waiting here.”

“Why would it be pointless? There were already a few people who came out after receiving a Quest.” After determining that Shi Feng had no intention to jump queue, the male Warrior let out a sigh of relief. He had already been in the queue for over ten minutes now and he definitely would not want someone to cut in line. However, hearing Shi Feng’s firm tone made him curious as to why he would be waiting for nothing.

Shi Feng smiled but did not elaborate. Instead, he changed the topic saying, “Seeing as you’re not a bad person, I’ll point you towards a brighter path. Kill mobs in the fields. You’ll have a better future than remaining here.”

“I’m not going. There are too many monsters in the wild and I can’t compete with those other people. This place is still better” the male Warrior shook his head. He was not an idiot. At this moment, there were definitely tides of people out in the Field Area. With just his skills, he probably couldn’t even snatch a monster, so he was better off just waiting here.


“That’s because you went to the wrong place. If you go somewhere with few monsters, naturally, there wouldn’t be anybody to compete with you. Compared to the areas packed with both players and monsters, the leveling efficiency there is several times better. Not only that, the respawn rate of the monsters there is slow, so a single person could easily handle themselves,” Shi Feng said with a smile.

“Is there really such a place?”

The male Warrior was excited after listening to Shi Feng. He was extremely interested in such a location. He still needed to wait for more than an hour to receive a Quest and the rewards he could obtain would only be EXP and some meager amount of money. If he could grind on monsters for an hour unhindered, the EXP he could obtain would far surpass that from the Quest.

“Of course there is. I’ll give you a preferential price of 20 Coppers if you want to go to such a treasured location. Don’t mention EXP; after grinding for a day, the materials you could obtain would earn you more than 40 Coppers. If you’re lucky, you could make a ton more if a piece of equipment drops,” Shi Feng walked closer to the male Warrior, whispering into his ears.

“You’re not tricking me, right?” the male Warrior looked at Shi Feng with hesitation in his eyes. If there was such a treasured location, he could definitely surpass the other players by a lot; but 20 Coppers was not a small amount. The monsters in God’s Domain rarely drop money or equipment, so Copper Coins were incredibly precious.

“If you don’t believe me, you can pay 10 Coppers up front first. You’ll know just from trying after you arrive at the spot. If it’s true, you can then pay me the other 10 Coppers. I’m only telling you this because I see that you’re a good person. Just forget it, if you don’t believe me.” Shi Feng turned and left after saying his piece.

Shi Feng wouldn’t be doing this if he didn't lack money. At worst, he’ll just use some other method to earn money.

Just after walking a few steps away, Shi Feng was stopped by the male Warrior.

“Expert, hold on a moment. Let’s talk about it, alright? Isn’t it just a deposit of 10 Coppers? Here, take it. I trust that an expert like you won’t trick me.” The male Warrior revealed an honest smile, resolutely trading 10 Coppers to Shi Feng.

“Seeing your performance, I’ll give you a good location. Although this place is slightly far-off, there is only a single mage-type Level 0 Green Gnome. It has low defense and a quick respawn rate. Chances are also greater of money dropping. A Berserker would be great at killing there.” Shi Feng gave the Warrior a good grinding location after happily receiving the ten Coppers.

The male Warrior was relieved when he noticed how familiar Shi Feng was with the wild monsters, even to the degree of knowing the amount of money dropped. He never imagined he would be so fortunate as to meet an expert of God’s Domain and not just any expert; Shi Feng might even be a Beta Tester. The male Warrior became even more excited as he thought of this possibility.

“Brother Expert, do you know a location that drops skill books for Berserkers? It’s really hard to fight against mobs with only a single skill.” The male Warrior was more fond of Shi Feng now, even treating Shi Feng as his superior.

“It’s fine if you want to know., but it’ll cost you 2 Silvers,” Shi Feng smiled. Who would give out such valuable information after only a short conversation? Shi Feng would not unless there was money involved, of course.

The male Warrior paled when he heard the price. Two Silvers equaled 200 Coppers. Not even the average Guild would have that much money.

“Expert, let’s add each other as friends. I’m Lonely Snow. I’ll contact you again once I’ve saved up enough money.” The male Warrior sent Shi Feng a friend request.

“Alright.” Shi Feng accepted Lonely Snow’s request.

“Then I’m off to fight mobs, Brother Expert. I’ll mail you the 10 Copper immediately after I’ve saved up enough.” Lonely Snow happily parted with Shi Feng, leaving the long queue and dashing towards the grinding location.

Now that Shi Feng had money, he walked towards the fruit stall by the Town Hall.

“Boss, how much for this Tomato?” Shi Feng asked as he held up a ripe, red Tomato.

Both Fruits and Vegetables could aid in recovering a player’s HP and MP. Their tastes were also quite delicious. The only downside was the bad recovery rate. In normal circumstances, players wouldn’t buy them at all, especially during such a period where money was a big problem. Spending money on Fruits and Vegetables was just wasteful behavior.

“2 Coppers each.”

“Give me ten of them.”

Shi Feng paid the 20 Coppers. He walked into the Town Hall after receiving the 10 Tomatoes.


“Hey newcomer, queue up. Can’t you see others are queuing up as well?”

“Swordsman over there, what do you think you’re trying to do? Do you know how many people are queuing up behind?”

The players in the queue became enraged and started criticizing when they saw Shi Feng cutting the line, walking directly towards the Town Mayor. They would’ve long since murdered Shi Feng, were it not for the fact that they could be jailed for attacking another player inside the town.

“Sorry, but I’m really not here to receive a Quest. I’m just here to take a look.” Shi Feng smiled at the players; he turned to look at the fat Town Mayor, Cross.

[Cross] (Elite, Friendly)

Level 15

HP 2400/2400

MP 1500/1500

There was not a single player who could beat him at this stage. It was not possible, even with a team.

Subsequently, Shi Feng took out a ripe and red Tomato, taking a bite out of it.

“What is this person doing?”

“Hell! He’s actually eating a Tomato! Each of those costs 2 Coppers! Such luxury!”

The other players could not understand what Shi Feng was trying to do. By coming to the Town Hall to eat Tomatoes... was he trying to show off how rich he was?

Halfway through his Tomato, Shi Feng suddenly threw it towards Town Mayor Cross’ face.

The Tomato accurately landed on Cross’ face, spreading bright red liquid all over.

System: Cross’ favorability towards you has been decreased by 100 points.

Unsatisfied, Shi Feng took out another Tomato from his bag, throwing it at Cross.

“Hypocrite! Fatty! Bloodsucker! You’re not fit to be the Town Mayor!”

Shi Feng kept cursing as he threw Tomatoes, whereas Cross’ favorability kept decreasing. Cross’ body turned bright red as tomato juice kept flowing down his body. Adding to his enraged expression, it created an incomparably funny sight.

However, nobody within the Town Hall was laughing; it was exceptionally quiet. All of the players became slack-jawed and dumbfounded at Shi Feng’s actions.

Just after twenty minutes since God’s Domain’s opening, there was a player that dared to actually attack an NPC and not just any NPC; he was attacking the leader of a town, the Boss of the Beginner’s Area!

This person was insane! Wasn’t he afraid of being jailed until his death?

Did he no longer want to stay in Red Leaf Town?

Even taking your revenge on society shouldn’t be done in such a way!

Just when the other players were expecting the Guards to detain Shi Feng or for the Town Mayor to kill off Shi Feng in a rage, none of these things actually occurred.

None of the players knew that insulting an NPC was not considered an attack. Hence why neither the Guards nor Cross attacked Shi Feng. Shi Feng’s actions would only lead to the NPC hating him to the bones and he could forget receiving Quests from the NPC in this lifetime.

As Shi Feng’s last Tomato landed on Cross’ face, Cross’ favorability fell towards Hostile. Cross’ Level became question marks and the yellow marker above him quickly turned a crimson red.

“Damnable insect! I’ll send you down to hell!”

The bright red Cross roared loudly as he rushed at Shi Feng.

Chapter 4 - The Sensation Caused By Death

Town Mayor Cross’ furious roar reverberated throughout the entire Town Hall.

With a high speed, Cross instantly arrived in front of Shi Feng, his fist stretching out towards Shi Feng.

The other players were currently reveling in Shi Feng’s misfortune, taking the chance to gauge Town Mayor Cross’ strength.

Cross was a Level 15 Elite, and a single slap from him was enough to swat the current players to death. However, Shi Feng was foolish to the degree of actually angering the mayor. Not a single person in the entire Red Leaf Town could save him now. He would be jailed until he was on his deathbed or he would be chased out of Red Leaf Town.

However, Shi Feng’s surprisingly calm attitude puzzled the other players. Was he already prepared for death?

When Cross was about to hit Shi Feng, the stationary Shi Feng finally moved. Like a hunter waiting for his prey, Shi Feng immediately unsheathed his Novice Sword. With swift motions, he used the sword to defend his body.

Peng!

Cross’ fist landed on the Novice Sword, sending Shi Feng’s entire person flying. Just as Shi Feng was about to fall, he flipped his body, landing steadily on the ground with the flexibility of a cat. However, his HP had instantly decreased by 84, and the Novice Sword in his grip trembled uncontrollably. The sword’s durability had even reduced by 1 point; the weapon would become useless once its durability dropped to 0.

Si……

All the players drew in a cold breath.

Seeing Shi Feng’s troublemaking, they had initially thought of him as a mere rookie. However, after Shi Feng’s recent performance, anybody with a discerning eye could tell he was a very skillful person. Even if Cross had low physical damage as a mage, as a Level 15 Elite, he could still kill any of the current players in a single strike. Yet, Shi Feng was alive. He had used his weapon to block the attack, reducing the damage to a minimum.

“He’s clearly a mage, and yet his strength and speed are truly shocking.” Shi Feng silently marveled as he at looked the lamenting Novice Sword in his grip. Fortunately, he had added all his points to Agility, increasing his Attack Speed to 4. Otherwise, he would surely be dead by now, having to start his Quest all over again.

“Die, insect!”

After failing his strike, Cross was further enraged. Suddenly, his clothes were ripped apart, revealing a body covered in pitch black fur; Cross had turned into a Werewolf with sharp fangs.

Every player was shocked at this moment. Never would they have thought the mayor was an evil Werewolf.

Cross arrived at Shi Feng’s back in an instant, raising his bright snowy claws and slashing them at Shi Feng’s heart.

However, Shi Feng revealed a cold grin, even though he only had 16 HP remaining.

Cross’ claws suddenly stopped; they were only a few centimeters away from dealing with Shi Feng. Unfortunately, Cross was hit by a Level 25 Guard’s [Charge], entering a Fainted state for 1 second.

Shi Feng took this chance to quickly move away.

Just when Cross was about to rush Shi Feng after awakening, he was interrupted once more by another Guard.

Both of the Guards were Level 25 Warriors. Although neither of them was Elites, the damage they dished out was relatively high. A Charge, coupled with a normal attack, had quickly taken 300 HP away from Cross. Two Guards had taken away a total of 600 HP, causing Cross’ HP to fall to 1700 in an instant.

“As expected of the Guards, their attack power sure is high.” Shi Feng chuckled as he looked at Cross’ sorry state.

Guards were the protectors of the town. They were specialized in protecting the town’s civilians and resisting against the invasion of evil beings. At this moment, the mayor had transformed into a Werewolf; proof that he was not a human, but a spy for the powers of evil. The guards would naturally not let him go, killing him as if he were no different than the monsters in the wild.

On the surface, the conditions of Sherlock’s request seemed harsh. In reality, however, players only needed to actively attack the mayor, subsequently surviving the mayor’s first strike. Afterward was just smooth sailing. The Guards would handle the rest after the mayor revealed his true self.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, the reason this Unique Quest could shock the entire White River City, was because the Town Mayor was a spy for the forces of evil. This Quest had allowed players to have a new perspective towards God’s Domain; the NPCs were not entirely reliable, as they might be one of the forces of evil in disguise.

Simultaneously, the player who completed the Quest had shocked everyone with his method of baiting the Town Mayor. The player had racked his brain to complete the Quest and, naturally, he wanted to show off his efforts by revealing his strategy. Now, though, it was being taken advantage of by Shi Feng.


As such, Cross was now being attacked by the two Guards. Although the damage dealt by the Guards was very high, Cross’ target had never shifted away from Shi Feng. He continuously aimed to kill Shi Feng but, unfortunately for him, the two Guards stuck to him like glue. One of the Guards used [Bone Crusher], while the other used [Thundering Strike], causing Cross’ Movement Speed to plummet. Fortunately, Shi Feng was able to escape death with his 5 points of Movement Speed.

Just like that, Cross’ over 2000 HP was nearly depleted.

When the other players saw Cross dying, many of them started becoming restless; they wanted to land the last strike on the mayor. They did not understand why the Guards were attacking Cross instead of Shi Feng but a Town Mayor who was also a Level 15 Elite…… if he died, he would definitely drop some great items.

Hiding some place far away, Shi Feng smiled in disdain in regards to their thoughts.

Was the Town Mayor someone they could have ideas about? Although the mayor had become one of the forces of evil, this was only a part of the Quest’s plot. In the eyes of the other players, the mayor was still in a Friendly state; it was not possible to attack the mayor at all.

When Cross only had 100 HP remaining, all the other players started moving. All of them simultaneously rushed towards Town Mayor Cross. All of them wanted to give the final strike, snatching away the dropped items.

Seeing that Cross was only a hit away from death’s door, Shi Feng, too, dashed out.

Unfortunately, Cross still died under the Guard’s blade in the end. Not a single one of the players was able to strike at Cross. Although Shi Feng could attack, he did not want to risk it. After the mayor’s death, he immediately took away the [Mayor’s Insignia] and disappeared into the crowd.

NPCs within a city would not yield any EXP or loot if killed. Shi Feng wouldn’t even be able to obtain the Mayor’s Insignia were it not for a Quest.

“Crap! The System’s bugged! Why can’t I attack the mayor?”

“I want to complain! Why didn’t the mayor drop anything after death?”

Some of the rookie players resentfully complained. A Level 15 Elite had died before their eyes, yet they did not obtain a single advantage; they simply could not accept it.

“Moron. Don’t you know you have a Friendly relationship with the NPC? Players can’t attack an NPC with a Friendly relationship. If you don’t even know such common knowledge, why bother playing God’s Domain?”

After ridiculing the rookies, the competent players searched for traces of Shi Feng. A player who could kill the Town Mayor in such a way was definitely an expert, someone they should associate with. However, they could not spot Shi Feng, even after looking for a long time. They also did not know his name. They could not help but secretly feel pity.

Meanwhile, news of Town Mayor Cross’ death spread throughout Red Leaf Village, creating a sensation amongst all the players.

At this phase of the game, where players were still worrying over grinding monsters for Levels, the leader of a town was toyed to death so simply. This was just too mind-blowing!

Not even thirty minutes since God’s Domain’s opening, a news thread appeared on the official site’s forums.

Mysterious Swordsman kills off Level 15 Elite, Red Leaf Town Mayor. The leader of a town was actually a Werewolf in disguise. Exactly what kind of game is God’s Domain?

This news thread instantly caused a sensation amongst the players. It only took a moment for the number of clicks to the page to go past ten million. Everyone became interested with this mysterious Swordsman. Unfortunately, they could not contact the person since nobody knew his name.

By now, Shi Feng had already arrived at the dark alley.

“Mister Sherlock, this is the Mayor’s Insignia that you requested.” Shi Feng passed silver colored Mayor’s Insignia to the beggar, Sherlock.

With the Quest’s completion, bad news came to both the players who had already received a Quest and for those who were currently trying to receive one from the mayor. This was because Cross would not respawn. They would have no place to submit their Quest even if it was completed. Red Leaf Town would also no longer have a mayor, though Shi Feng could care less about that.

“Thank you. Thank you, so much. I have finally attained revenge for my friend. These things should be of help to you.”

Sherlock passed Shi Feng a delicate little box. Subsequently, Sherlock took the Mayor’s Insignia and left the dark alley.

System: Unique Quest “Sherlock’s Request” completed. Rewarding 2000 EXP, 20 Free Mastery Points, 1 [Luxurious Ornament Box].

With a “Hua” sound, Shi Feng became Level 1, and he was only 1000 EXP away from Level 2. Shi Feng’s Level became Red Leaf Town’s top one, only thirty minutes after the start of God’s Domain. In normal circumstances, the average player required 1000 EXP to rise to Level 1. Such an amount required at least six or seven hours of grinding monsters, as each Level 0 monster only gave 3 EXP. Time was also needed to look for monsters, to recover, and so on. Factoring in the massive amount of players at the start of the game that was fighting over monsters, taking over ten hours to arrive at Level 1 could be considered average.


“Why is the Unique Quest’s reward so generous? Was it because I completed it at Level 0?” Shi Feng became slightly uncertain but he was still delighted with such rewards.

In his previous life, the rewards posted were not as luxurious. Although the amount of EXP was the same, the number of Free Mastery Points was not. The other person only received 10 points for it, as well as a Delicate Ornament Box, while Shi Feng received 20 points and a Luxurious Ornament Box.

Free Mastery Points were extremely precious in God’s Domain. Rarely would a Quest award 3 to 5 points. This Unique Quest had awarded 20 points.

“Hopefully, it won’t let me down. Although it isn’t a Delicate Ornament Box, it is still the better Luxurious Ornament Box. It should come out.” Shi Feng carefully held the Ornament box, a nervous gulp coming from his throat. Slowly, he opened the box.

Though the EXP and Free Mastery Points were great, what Shi Feng really wanted was the item inside the Ornament Box. It was an essential item he needed to complete his leveling and money making plans. It was also a top-tier item that many experts drooled over. Shi Feng would cry to death if something went wrong.

Chapter 5: Black Market Challenge

Translator:Hellscythe_

Editor:Hellscythe_

As the Luxurious Ornament Box slowly opened, a dazzling array of multicolored light burst out from within.

Fortunately, Shi Feng was currently standing inside a dark alley; there were no players who would wander over here. Otherwise, such a spectacle would have incited the greed in their hearts and Shi Feng would be killed and robbed.

When the glowing brilliance faded, a simple silver necklace and a purple-gold ring could be seen lying inside the Luxurious Ornament Box. Carved on the ring’s exterior were words resembling the ancient language of Elves and within them stored a tremendous magical power.

“Fortunately, it is still the Ring of Gravity.” Shi Feng let loose his breath when he saw the appearance of the ring. Carefully, he took the ring out of the box and inspected it.

[Ring of Gravity] (Mysterious-Iron Rank)

Equipment Level: 0

Strength +2, Agility +1, Endurance +1

Additional Skill: ‘Gravity Liberation’. Greatly reduces the gravity acting upon the user. Duration 30 seconds. Cooldown 5 minutes.

“Great! It’s not just Bronze rank.” After reading the item’s introduction, Shi Feng became extremely excited. The situation was far better than he had expected.

The Equipment in God’s Domain was categorized into Trash, Common, Bronze, Mysterious-Iron, Secret-Silver, Fine-Gold, Dark-Gold, and Epic.

At the start of the game, players only received Trash Equipment from the System. This equipment was utterly worthless. At this stage of the game, however, there were no players who possessed Common Equipment. While you could buy Common Equipment in large cities, the prices were costly. As for Bronze ranked, those were extremely rare and they also came with additional attributes. Mysterious-Iron Equipment, however, only dropped from Bosses and, needless to say, they were even more precious.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, the Ring of Gravity obtained by the player was only Bronze ranked. It gave only an additional 1 point to Strength. The skill ‘Gravity Liberation,’ as well, only lasted for 15 seconds. It was a surprise to Shi Feng that completing the Quest at Level 0 would earn him a Mysterious-Iron Ring of Gravity.

As for the necklace, it was just a Gray Item. NPC merchants coveted these items and they were willing to buy them at high prices.

After wearing the Ring of Gravity, Shi Feng added the 4 Free Ability Points that came from leveling up all into Agility.

Shi Feng’s Agility rose to 12 points, his Attack Speed to 5 points, and his Movement Speed to 6 points. He could almost rival a pure Agility Assassin of the same Level now.

“My Agility will reach 20 points after rising to Level 3. At that time, I can unlock the Hidden Basic Skill of the Agility System.” Shi Feng looked at his Attribute Panel in anticipation.

Shi Feng moved his body, feeling it become a lot livelier than before. He wouldn’t be in his previous sorry state if he were to face off with Town Mayor Cross, right now. If his Agility reached twenty points, the condition of his body would become even greater after activating the Basic Skill [Fast And Nimble]; he could even rival against those Wulin Experts depicted in Wuxia novels.

Afterward, Shi Feng added 15 of the Free Mastery Points towards his One-Handed Sword Mastery, keeping the remaining 5 points for future use. With his One-Handed Sword Mastery now at a total of 20 points, Shi Feng advanced from Apprentice to Basic Swordsman and the additional damage dealt by using a one-handed sword increased to 10%. He was still 30 Mastery Points away from advancing to an Intermediate Swordsman.

Regular attacks were only the basics for a Swordsman. If one wanted to become an expert with the sword, Skills were a must-have. The more, the better, as this would create more flexibility when in battle, thereby allowing the Swordsman to dish out greater Damage.

Shi Feng was both an expert of the sword and a person who had been reincarnated. Now that he had a special tool such as the Ring of Gravity, he needed a large amount of Swordsman Skills to display the true potential of a Swordsman. He could then level up at a fast pace. Otherwise, it was impossible to increase the efficiency of killing monsters by relying on normal attacks.

“I recall there being a Black Market Challenge in Red Leaf Town’s Trade Area. Players who cleared the challenge for the first time would be able to obtain a skill book for Swordsman.” Most skill books dropped from monsters around Levels 3 to 5 and their drop rates were pitifully low. At this stage of the game, there were still no players capable of grinding those monsters. It would be a big waste of time if Shi Feng wanted to obtain the other skill books for Swordsman. He also did not have the time for it. So, the Black Market Challenge was the only way for Shi Feng to quickly obtain a skill book in Red Leaf town.


Trade Area of Red Leaf Town

Shops filled both sides of the street. There were pharmacies, smithies, bars and more; it was extremely flourishing, just like a small market. However, the current trade area wasn’t as lively as it should be. It hasn’t been long since God’s Domain started its operation, so most players were busy leveling up instead of enjoying what God’s Domain had to offer. As a result, there was only the minority of Lifestyle players staying here. They were here to learn Auxiliary Jobs such as Enchanter, Forger, Pharmacist, Chef, Engineer, Alchemist, etc.

“Buying herbs at a high price, contact me directly if you have any.”

“Buying ores; rip-offs can stay away.”

“Sincerely buying high ranking equipment. Price is negotiable. Willing to pay with Credits.”

Many logistics staffers of Workshops and Guilds had set up a small stall by the roadside of the Trade Area. They were mainly here to buy items and equipment.

Shi Feng quickly headed towards a two-storied building without halting. High-ranking Gnomes guarded the building, and above the building read ‘Black Market’. This place was the dark side of Red Leaf Town and it was a place of entertainment built by the greedy Gnomes.

The Gnome’s Auction House could be seen just after entering the Black Market. Going down along the basement staircase led to two empty fields; one was the Battle Arena, while the other was the field for the Challenge Race.

At the moment, several players were standing in front of the field. They were receiving the Gnomes’ challenge.

“Good luck! You have to succeed this time!”

“Good luck! Stomp those Gnomes!”

A few players were currently cheering with all their might for an Assassin player that stood on the field. Their reddened eyes made them look no different than crazed gamblers.

The Challenge Race could be considered a testing grounds for a player’s capabilities. Once a player entered the trial grounds, all their Attributes would be fixed at 10 points, their skills disabled, and their equipment rendered useless. Within the 30-yards-long and 10-yards-wide field, players were only allowed to block or dodge the incoming shots from the Gnome’s muskets. A victory would ensue once players arrived at the finishing point.

The Gnomes gave out three ranks of challenges: Copper Prize, Silver Prize, and Gold Prize. After a challenge was completed, there would be a three-day cooldown. There was a fee of 5 Coppers for the Copper Prize, 5 Silvers for the Silver Prize, and 5 Gold for the Gold Prize. Naturally, the higher ranked the challenge, the greater the prize. There was even the chance of obtaining a Dark-Gold Equipment.

However, if a player obtained the First Clear for the challenge in Red Leaf Town, the reward of Copper Prize may be comparable even to the Silver Prize.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, this First Clear was obtained by a Swordsman named Fierce Gale and the person had received a rare skill book for Swordsman.

After a short while, the Assassin on the field was struck. His body lay at the 20-yards mark, still ten yards away from the final point.

“Despicable. Just a little bit more. Do you guys still have money? I’ll definitely clear it the next time.” The male Assassin said after reviving from the field.

A male Cleric shook his head saying, “Boss Stabbing Heart, the five of us have already given you all our money. We don’t have anymore.”

By the side, Shi Feng shifted his sight towards the Assassin. He was shocked after hearing the two words ‘Stabbing Heart’.

The person’s body was covered in black clothing. He had a short and skinny stature, just like a monkey. Shi Feng could hardly believe that the ‘monkey’ in front of him was Stabbing Heart, the Assassin who ranked at number 10 on Star-Moon Kingdom’s Assassin Leaderboard.

The Assassin named Stabbing Heart shifted his gaze onto Shi Feng. After sizing Shi Feng up, his eyes revealed a gaze as if they had just found prey. With a smile, he walked up to Shi Feng and said, “Nice to meet you, friend. I’m Stabbing Heart, Assassin Squad Leader of the [Assassin's Alliance]. Lend 5 Coppers to me and I’ll return 20 Coppers to you tomorrow. How about it?”

Stabbing Heart was just ten yards away from the final point this time, so he was unwilling to accept defeat. He had already figured out some of the challenge’s patterns; he would be able to clear it if given another chance. Hence, he thought of using his Guild’s name to shock and awe Shi Feng into lending him 5 Coppers.

The Assassin's Alliance was a large Guild that was well known in the world of virtual gaming. Any veteran gamer would know this name. Someone capable of becoming the squad leader for Assassins was definitely a great expert, a figure that was respected by many players. Instead of lending, the average player would definitely just give the 5 Coppers to gain some favors.


“5 Coppers is it?” After some thinking, Shi Feng answered: “I can lend you the 5 Coppers, but you have to pay back 50 Coppers tomorrow.”

Stabbing Heart was surprised. He was Stabbing Heart, the Assassin’s Alliance’s famous Assassin Squad Leader. However, Shi Feng’s uncourteous reaction was completely different than what he had imagined it would be. Could Shi Feng be a rookie gamer?

Seeing Stabbing Heart staying silent, Shi Feng asked, “Still borrowing?”

“I’ll borrow.” Stabbing Heart wanted to weep. Other players would be going ‘Expert, expert!’ when they met him, yet Shi Feng showed no such reaction. However, when he thought about the bountiful reward awaiting him, even 50 Coppers was worth it.

“Here’s 5 Coppers. Let’s add each other as friends. Don’t forget to return 50 Coppers to me tomorrow.” Shi Feng took 5 Coppers out of the 60 he obtained from selling the necklace, not forgetting to remind Stabbing Heart to return the 50 Coppers.

With tears flowing down his face, Stabbing Heart received the 5 Coppers and said, “Fine. I won’t forget.”

Not knowing what Stabbing Heart was thinking, Shi Feng walked away after the trade was completed. He headed towards the green-skinned Gnome who was the Challenge Race’s administrator.

“Sir, time is money. What business do you have?” The Gnome administrator said so in a lofty tone.

“I want to enter the Copper Prize Challenge.” Shi Feng said as he handed over 5 Coppers.

After flipping the Copper coins a few times, the Gnome nodded his head in approval. He opened the wooden door to the Challenge Race, allowing Shi Feng to enter.

“Ladies and gentlemen, we have a new challenger on the field. Please let us welcome this brave Swordsman.” The gnome loudly announced.

“Boss Stabbing Heart, the kid that lent you money is participating in the Challenge Race,” the male Cleric pointed out.

The resting Stabbing Heart laughingly said, “That kid’s just a rookie. Does he think the Challenge Race is so easy? Even though the distance is only 30 yards, the Gnomes’ attack pattern will change after you get past 15 yards and their attack rates greatly increase. Not to mention, even I have difficulty facing them.”

“That’s for sure! Even an expert such as Boss Stabbing Heart could only reach 20 yards. I’m guessing that kid will, at most, reach five yards before being done in.” The male Cleric nodded with a smile.

Inside the field, the three Gnomes standing at the finishing line readied their muskets, aiming them towards Shi Feng.

Above the challenge field, the timer started counting down.

3……

2……

1……

Challenge Start!

Chapter 6 - Stunning Skills

The instant the countdown ended...

Shi Feng’s body leaned forward and his legs bent. Just like a leopard, he dashed away from the starting line with explosive force.

Xiu!

By the time the muskets had started ringing and shooting towards the starting line, Shi Feng was already three yards away.

Subsequently, another volley of musket shots rang out; a total of six bullets shot towards Shi Feng’s path. Several green lines indicating the trajectory of the bullets covered Shi Feng’s body. Shi Feng would become a sieve if his reactions were not keen.

Just as the bullets were about to hit, Shi Feng dodged to the right with a sidestep. He rushed forward once more, after avoiding the second volley of shots.

Bullet casings fell to the ground consistently as the three Gnomes continued to aim and shoot. However, Shi Feng avoided them with the vigor of a leopard, every single time. The way he stayed a step ahead of the bullets made it seem as if he had control over them.

“It can’t be. He’s already at the 10-yard-mark.” Seeing Shi Feng taking less than five seconds to reach the 10-yard-mark, the male Cleric couldn’t help but be shocked; it was only a half of Stabbing Heart’s time.

Stabbing Heart became speechless by the side. He silently watched Shi Feng’s advance.

He had originally thought of Shi Feng as a fresh noob; someone that he didn’t know of and someone that came to the Challenge Race for fun. Yet, the speed and accuracy Shi Feng just displayed were like a veteran who had tempered himself for countless years on the Challenge Race. Every move of his was straightforward and efficient, something a rookie definitely couldn’t pull off. Even Stabbing Heart himself, after going through the challenge several times, felt he couldn’t do any better.

Stabbing Heart had the pride of an expert. He did not think that Shi Feng could be stronger than he was. He explained, “With such nimbleness, maybe this rookie is an athlete or someone who trained in martial arts. However, the Gnomes will change their attack patterns after he goes past 15 yards. He won’t be able to hold it, by that time.”

“You’re right, boss. If it’s someone that isn’t known to our Assassin’s Alliance, he definitely isn’t an expert. He’ll surely be shocked once he reaches 15 yards. Then, he’ll turn into a beehive.”

“Right. After 15 yards, the number of bullets fired will be twelve. The target would also no longer be focused on the player, himself. Instead, it’ll cover a wide area. Dodging to either side won’t be an option.”

The other members of Assassin’s Alliance voiced their agreements. They, too, had already witnessed such a scene before, seven to eight times, at that.

Stabbing Heart passed 15 yards on his first challenge. In the subsequent challenges, however, his furthest distance was 20 yards. The difficulty after 15 yards was clear to behold.

“He went past 15 yards,” an Assassin’s Alliance member commented.

Stabbing Heart and the others quickly focused their sights on Shi Feng, wanting to see Shi Feng’s performance.

On the field, the three Gnomes became enraged once Shi Feng stepped past the 15-yard-line. They no longer aimed as they fired their muskets with wild abandon.

Suddenly, the bullet trajectory-indicators within Shi Feng’s sight covered a large area. There were only three bullets that would hit Shi Feng. However, it was game over if even a single bullet hit its mark.

“Finally, showing your shameless behavior, eh?” Shi Feng revealed an indifferent smile. Unsheathing his Novice Sword, Shi Feng used it to greet the bullets.

In his previous life, Shi Feng was always busy with work and leveling up as the captain of Shadow; he had no time to play the Challenge Race. However, he had seen it quite a few times, so he still had a clear understanding of the Challenge Race. He knew the Gnomes would change their attack patterns after the 15-yard-line.

The fifteen-yard distance of the Black Market’s Challenge Race was a bar that tested a player’s operating skills. Only those who passed it could be considered to have entry-level operating skills. However, a majority of the players required two or three months before being able to reach this level; a minority took a month. There were only a scant few experts capable of passing it in one try. Stabbing Heart was one of those few experts.

Three bullets were about to hit Shi Feng’s head, chest, and arm, three locations.

“As expected, this kid’s no good. The bullets are too numerous and too spread out. He’s already forgotten to dodge them. He’s even dashing ahead like an idiot.” Stabbing Heart knew it was foolishness when he saw Shi Feng rushing towards the bullets. Did he think the challenge would continue if he were just shot by one or two bullets?


Right this moment, Shi Feng’s head shifted. He waved his Novice Sword, creating a white streak of light.

Peng!

A spark was created. Shi Feng had waved the Novice Sword just at the right spot, effortlessly hitting the bullet that aimed at his chest.

The threat of the three bullets was simply resolved by Shi Feng. He had, once more, advanced another section of the distance.

Yet, the three Gnomes did not stop firing. The muskets in their hands were like machine guns, firing volley after volley of bullets. Within an instant, Shi Feng faced off with another five bullets. There were also bullets all around that prevented him from dodging.

Dang! Dang! Dang!

Shi Feng swiftly moved his body while waving his sword to deflect the unavoidable bullets. As the bullets passed by his body, his ears could even hear the air being split.

Only three seconds went by and Shi Feng had passed through the 20-yard-mark. He was only 10 yards away from the finishing point.

“Crap. Boss, who is this kid? He actually used his sword to block the bullets.” The male Cleric widened his eyes in surprise. Shi Feng had given him an indescribable sense of shock.

Although the bullet trajectories were indicated, accurately blocking them was easier said than done. Such an action required extreme precision and skill to carry out. Not to mention, the margin of error allowed was a damnable one.

Stabbing Heart suddenly became speechless. Deflecting bullets with a weapon was like walking on a thread of wire high up in the sky; a single misstep would send you plunging into the abyss. As if he was enjoying it, Shi Feng blocked the oncoming bullets over and over. Whereas, the bullets seemed to have a life of their own, intentionally avoiding Shi Feng’s body as they flew past.

“Boss, that Swordsman has run past 25 yards. He’ll definitely pass the finish line at this rate.” The male Cleric’s heart became a chaotic mess as he watched Shi Feng danced forward, sparks occasionally flashing in front of his body.

“I have eyes. I don’t need you to remind me.” Stabbing Heart said in annoyance. He was deeply drawn in by Shi Feng’s actions.

The moment Shi Feng went past 25 yards...

“Die, challenger.” One of the Gnomes at the finish line laughed. The Gnome took out an automatic musket, sending a wave of bullets towards Shi Feng.

Suddenly, the number of bullets increased to twenty-four. Not only that, their distance from Shi Feng was a mere 5 yards. It was an unavoidable distance for players.

“Hell! This is cheating!” Stabbing Heart unwillingly shouted.

The other players became extremely nervous when they saw the scene and they couldn’t help but curse at the shamelessness of the Gnomes.

Facing the hail of bullets, Shi Feng quickly turned grave. Although he had known about the second change at the 25-yard-mark, even he would panic in the face of so many bullets.

Shi Feng bent his knees, leaping forward like a leopard. He darted headfirst towards the area with the least amount of bullets, reducing the surface area of his body that would come into contact with the bullets. Following which, he madly waved the Novice Sword, simultaneously creating four streaks of white light.

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

After a series of sparks, Shi Feng’s body passed through the storm of bullets.

The moment his body was about to make contact with the ground, his free arm pressed downwards. Shi Feng quickly stood up with all his might, rushing past the finish line like a bolt of lightning.

Total time spent: 14 seconds. Estimated record time of 18 seconds for Copper Prize broken.

“Ng… I’m really not used to this soft and weak body,” Shi Feng slightly lamented after passing through the finish line. If he was over Level 100, with his body’s constitution, he could easily carry out the four simultaneous sword slashes with great ease.

“Ladies and Gentlemen, a round of applause! This Swordsman has passed the challenge!” The Gnome administrator announced loudly.

System: Player was the First to pass the Copper Challenge and break the record. Rewarding player with 1 Silver Coin and Swordsman Skill [Thundering Flash].

“It can’t be. It actually gave out the super-rare skill, Thundering Flash. This is a skill that even a Swordsman over Level 100 can’t get.” Shi Feng thought he was hallucinating. However, he was shocked when he saw the Thundering Flash skill book inside his bag.

[Thundering Flash] (Action-type)

Requires: Sword

Rapidly send out three sword lights to 10- x 2-yards forward. Each hit will cause 130% damage and also give a Damage Amplification effect, amplifying the damage of your following attacks by 20% for 15 seconds.

Cooldown: 30 seconds

Without a second thought, Shi Feng clicked and learned the skill.


Swordsman was a Job that mainly focused on dealing damage to single targets; it didn’t have many powerful AOE skills. Thundering Flash was one of the few powerful AOE skills a Swordsman possessed. If it were learned during the early periods, it would definitely create a huge gap from the other Swordsman.

After learning Thundering Flash, Shi Feng started to feel himself gaining the makings of a Swordsman.

“You guys continue playing; I’ll be leaving first. Don’t forget my 50 Coppers.” Shi Feng looked towards the dumbfounded Stabbing Heart, leaving the Black Market after calling out to them.

Stabbing Heart indifferently nodded his head.

“Boss, he’s gone. He took away the prize, as well. Should we chase after him?” the male Cleric asked.

Stabbing Heart’s shock gradually faded after Shi Feng left. He stared at the male Cleric, scolding, “Are you an idiot? We’ll be lucky if we have time to even curry up to such an expert Swordsman. Making enemies of him? Are you courting death?”

“Not good. I have to tell this to Guild Leader. Luckily, I added him as a friend. Is he called Ye Feng? I can’t believe I’ve never heard of such an expert. Could he be some sword expert in disguise?” Stabbing Heart acknowledged that he could not pass the challenge in such a magnificent way. Especially the last bout after the 25-yard-mark; that was just cheating. It was impossible for players to block or dodge. Yet, Shi Feng had done it.

At the Trade Area, Shi Feng met with Potion Master Kevin. He spent 120 Coppers purchasing 20 [Exploding Berry], instantly shrinking his wealth down to 30 Coppers.

However, he still spent it, all to level at the speed of a rocket.

Shi Feng took the Exploding Berries and left Red Leaf Town, running westward.

At that moment, all players were at Level 0, and all of them were killing Level 0 monsters around Red Leaf Town. There were also a few with good techniques killing Level 1 Baby Wolves in a party. A Warrior tanking at the front and a damage dealer and healer behind, fighting together in an orderly manner. Although the EXP was shared between several people, the efficiency was a lot higher and there were fewer competitors.

However, Shi Feng did not plan to compete with these people. Passing through the Level 1 monster area, followed by the Level 3 monster area, Shi Feng headed straight towards Red Leaf Forest, a Level 5 monster area. There were no players who would go there.

There were still no players who dared to challenge Level 5 monsters at this stage of the game. Not only was there the suppression due to the difference in levels but there was also the significant disparity in HP and Attack Power. A Level 5 monster could easily steamroll over a Level 1 player. Even a 6-man-party was no match for a Level 5 monster.

There was a heavy penalty whenever a player died. Not only would they lose an entire Level’s worth of EXP but their Skill Proficiency would also be decreased. There were simply no players who would take the risk. Otherwise, hours of their hard earned EXP and Proficiency would become pointless.

Chapter 1: Starting Over

Translator:Hellscythe_

Editor:Hellscythe_

In the dead of night. At Green Bamboo upper-class area, Jin Hai City.

Shi Feng held a folder of documents as he sat silently on the leather sofa. Gazing at the pool outside through the French window, Shi Feng was filled with both frustration and unwillingness.

He was the captain of [Shadow], one of Jin Hai City's top four gaming Workshops. He had commanded a guild of tens of thousands of people. Even more, he was Jin Hai City's famous expert; he was the Sword Magician. However, now the only thing he could do was drink away his sorrows inside his home.

Ten years, he had spent in gaming.

Ten years, he had fought in blood-soaked battles.

He experienced countless trials and suffering. Under his leadership, Shadow had successfully established ten City States in <<God's Domain>>. They were finally capable of rivaling the First-Rate Guilds. However, before he could enjoy any of that endless glory, a single document had turned everything into passing smoke; once it was gone, it was never coming back.

Shi Feng never thought his ten years of effort would just go to waste. He sacrificed so much just for the game and yet, all he did was pave the way for others to the very end. All of this culminated because he had opposed the decision for Shadow to join the Super-Guild, [World Dominators]. It wasn't even the next day before Lan Hua Financial Group gave him their reply. He had to delete his Level 200 Sword King, the account he had spent ten years of blood and sweat on, and to collect his settlement check from the financial department.

All he received was 5,000,000 Credits and a single mansion. When compared to the established ten City States inside the money generating virtual kingdom, it couldn't even be considered a drop in the ocean.

Shi Feng thought about how much he had contributed to Shadow. He thought about how his efforts had turned Lan Hua Groups into a large financial group. Then, he thought about how they still threw him away, as if he was no different from garbage; Shi Feng swore he would take revenge for their actions.

"I won't just let this go. At worst, I'll just start over."

Shi Feng's eyes flashed with confidence and resolution; his hands tore the termination contract into little pieces. Grabbing the bottle of wine from the tabletop, he gulped down several mouthfuls.

Even if he no longer had his Sword King account, even if he no longer had his team's support, the skills and knowledge he obtained from the game would not betray him. As long as his skills remained, he could still rise once more within God's Domain; he could rebuild a virtual kingdom of his own.

Early morning. The sun had just risen.

Di! Di! Di!

The phone alarm continuously rang.

Shi Feng woke up resentfully. He helplessly reached for his phone by the bedside; the effects from yesterday's drinking still loomed over him.

"Hey, what's up?"

"Brother Feng, it's me, Blackie. You're still asking what's up? Didn't we agree to become professional gamers? Shadow Workshop is recruiting at our school today. Haven't you always wanted to become Shadow's core member?"

Shi Feng was slightly confused.

Lan Hua Financial Group just fired him, so why would he attend Shadow's examination?

"Brother Feng? Brother Feng? Can you hear me? They're testing at ten o'clock. If you don't hurry up, you're not gonna make it!"

"Blackie, stop joking around; I just got fired from Shadow."

"Fired? Brother Feng, how much did you drink yesterday? Even now, you're still not awake? How could you be fired if Shadow hasn't even recruited anybody until now? Alright, just come quickly."

Blackie had cut the call before Shi Feng could respond.

When Shi Feng looked at his phone in a daze, he discovered that this old and broken down iPhone 6 was not his phone. His phone was the latest iPhone 12.

Immediately, Shi Feng inspected his surroundings.

What met his eyes was a messy room, no larger than fifteen square meters. All around, there were books on gaming strategies. At a corner of the room, above the study table, there was an extremely outdated laptop. Within the wardrobe by the wall, there were clothes messily piled together. Inside the wardrobe, there was a mirror; a mirror that currently showed a familiar face.

Shi Feng jumped up in shock when he saw this extremely familiar face.

"How have I become young again?" Shi Feng immediately walked towards the mirror. Only after looking at the mirror, at the reflection shown on it, over and over, did Shi Feng confirm that he had indeed become young again.

He slept in his luxurious and spacious bedroom yesterday but now he was in this broken down place after waking up. Not only that, he also had become young again.

Shi Feng could still recall some memories regarding this place. He had lived here ten years ago. For over six months, Shi Feng rented this place in reluctance, all so that he could play God's Domain while also attending university. Only after he had earned some money in God's Domain had he rented a large condominium.

Shi Feng thought back to those arduous years. His family circumstances at that time weren't in good shape. For Shi Feng to attend university, his parents had racked up some debts. Even so, Shi Feng's parents still made sure to send him sufficient living expenses every month, taking on the suffering, themselves, in return.

Shi Feng wholeheartedly wanted to change his family circumstances. However, finding a well-paying job while the streets were filled with university graduates was tremendously hard; so he thought of the highly profitable Virtual Reality games. Setting professional gamer as his goal, he even bought a Virtual Gaming Helmet, training arduously within the game to improve his skills.

During that time, bread and instant noodles became his daily meals. To save money, he had also avoided participating in social gatherings held by his classmates, causing him to become an invisible existence in his class. The boys would look at him with disdain, while the girls would distance themselves from him. Everytime Shi Feng went shopping for cup noodles, his wallet would have no more than 10 Credits. He did not even dare buy a ham sausage that only cost a single Credit. In pity, the female salesperson there had offered him the ham sausage at a discounted price. However, the feeling of his empty wallet made Shi Feng refuse with great reluctance.

"Is someone playing a prank on me?"

Shi Feng stared at his younger self through the mirror and at the familiar surroundings. Shi Feng couldn't help but shake his head, denying such a conclusion.

Even America, as the world's most developed country, didn't have such rejuvenating technology. Besides, who would play such a joke with a poor old uncle like him?

Shi Feng looked at the time on his phone.

19th-April-2129.

"Don't tell me I have been reincarnated?" Shi Feng's face revealed a bitter smile.

He remembered today was the 5th of August, in the year 2139. It couldn't possibly be April of 2129, the year he was still attending university.

Shi Feng shook his head, trying to wake himself up. Yet, deep down, he still held onto a thread of hope, wishing that he could be reincarnated, returning to the time ten years ago. He walked towards the desk, powering up the laptop.

Even if the time on his phone could be faked, the information on the internet definitely couldn't.

After surfing the web for several minutes...

Shi Feng was utterly devastated. All the information he found on the internet showed that today was 19th of April, 2129. Even the highly anticipated official release date of God's Domain was clearly displayed on its official site, counting down to six days from now, the 25th of April.

"I really have been reincarnated! Did I really come back to ten years ago?" Shi Feng firmly stared at the news report of God's Domain, emotional tears leaking from the corners of his eyes.

Shi Feng's feelings were hard to describe at that moment. He felt both regret, sadness, and joy.

It was as if everything before him was just a dream.

Nonetheless, the chirping of insects and the cold wind blown from the air conditioner told him otherwise, that everything was real.

Looking at his phone, at the family photo he took when he entered university, Shi Feng never realized that his parents had white hair. The corners of his mother's eyes even had wrinkles. They were no longer as lively as before; they were truly old now.

A year and a half had already passed since God's Domain's release when Shi Feng noticed how aged his parents were. The large amounts of debt, excessive laboring, and stress had caused both his parents to fall ill, gravely ill. Curing them required millions of Credits but, during that time, Shi Feng was merely a squad captain in Shadow. The money he earned was far from enough to foot such expensive costs.

Shi Feng tried everything to collect enough money, yet it was still not enough. Even with trying his all, Shi Feng's parents still left him a few months later.

In his previous life, he failed to care for his parents properly. How could he have known of the pain and suffering?

After Shi Feng earned millions of Credits, this pain remained within Shi Feng's heart for forever more.

Never would he have thought fate would play such a joke on him. He unexpectedly returned to the starting point, starting back up from zero.

"Great! This is just too great! Hahaha! Since I have been reincarnated, I have to change everything. I will earn enough money to cure mom and dad and I will let them live a life without worries." Shi Feng silently swore to himself as he wiped away the tears.

Just when Shi Feng was planning for his future, Blackie's call came ringing again, continuously urging Shi Feng to go quickly to the university for the test.

Yet, Shi Feng did not rush. He dressed at a relaxed pace, tidying himself up before heading to Jin Hai University.

He could not be more familiar with Shadow.

Shi Feng still remembered. It was while he was still attending university, Lan Hua Group’s prized son, Lan Hailong, started up Shadow Workshop to enter God's Domain. Lan Hailong also invested considerable funding into the recruitment of the student experts of Jin Hai University. Shi Feng participated in Shadow's examination at the time, successfully becoming a core member of the Workshop; whereas Blackie became an outer member. Shi Feng had been happy for quite some time after that incident.

After three years of being under the leadership of Shi Feng, Shadow Workshop allowed Lan Hua Group to greatly profit from God's Domain, quickly becoming a large financial group. However, Shi Feng would never have thought that Lan Hailong would be the one to fire him, personally.

Since he had been reincarnated, he had an absolute advantage within God's Domain that others did not. Naturally, he would not be joining Shadow to become a tool that profited others. He wanted to walk a different path; a path where he fought not for others, but for himself. He wanted to remove the need for his parents to send him living expenses. He wanted to pay back all the debt they had collected. To do that, he wanted to venture, to start his own Workshop, to start his own company, and to build his own virtual kingdom... all to live a better life.

As soon as Shi Feng arrived at Teaching Block 1, he caught sight of a thin and tall figure in front of the building. The tanned youth was pacing around the hallway in a panic; this person was Blackie.

"Brother Feng, you've finally decided to show up. Fortunately, registration hasn't closed yet, so let's hurry in and sign up." Blackie said anxiously after seeing Shi Feng.

Shi Feng shook his head, seriously saying, "Blackie, I'm not joining Shadow; I'll be opening my own Workshop. Will you join me?"

Blackie was someone Shi Feng met in another Virtual Reality game and the former had pretty good skills. The two of them had faced many challenges together and they were no different than true brothers at this point. During their time together working in Shadow, Blackie showed great talent in administration, even though he lacked the talent for gaming. He managed the hundred thousand Guild members clearly and orderly. If Shi Feng had Blackie's help this time, his plans would be one step further. Yet, he would respect Blackie's decision regardless. It was because Shi Feng had nothing right now, and Blackie's family circumstances were not that well, either. Blackie had only chosen to become a professional gamer and join Shadow to earn some Credits for living expenses.

Blackie blanked at Shi Feng's words, lowering his head in silence. It was just too sudden. Not only that, the Shi Feng that he saw today felt different. Unlike his usual impatient attitude, Shi Feng currently gave off an unshakable and confident aura.

After a full minute, Blackie raised his head to look at Shi Feng.

"Brother Feng, stop speaking nonsense. Do you know how much a Virtual Gaming Helmet costs? That's 8,000 Credits. You also need at least six people to start up a Workshop. What about the workplace, salary, and everything else? Just the initial startup funds would require seventy to eighty thousand. There are also the follow-up investments. That's a lot of Credits. Do you have that many Credits right now?" Blackie was very aware of Shi Feng's circumstances. He knew Shi Feng's household wasn't well off, so he wanted to persuade Shi Feng away from this sort of crazy thinking.

"You're right. Right now, I don't even have the Credits for a God's Domain Virtual Gaming Helmet." Shi Feng nodded his head in admittance. It was like Blackie said. Even just seventy to eighty thousand was considered a small amount. Shi Feng recalled Lan Hailong had spent over 5,000,000 Credits for the hundred man Workshop he had recruited. He had also spent more in the later stages to upgrade the Workshop's quality and strength.

"Since this is so, rather than take the risk, wouldn't it be safer to join Shadow? At the very least, Shadow can provide us with Virtual Gaming Helmets. Otherwise, forget becoming professional players; we wouldn't even be able to play the game." Seeing that Shi Feng understood the core of the problem, Blackie sighed in relief as he pulled Shi Feng into the teaching block.

Shi Feng shook away Blackie's hand, sternly staring at Blackie before saying in a grave tone, "I still plan on starting my own Workshop. I don't want to be controlled by others. So, Blackie, will you join me?"

Shi Feng would not insist to Blackie since he did not have any guarantees. He also couldn't reveal the secret that he had been reincarnated. He could only hope that Blackie would believe in him.

Seeing Shi Feng's serious expression, Blackie felt Shi Feng was acting weird today. This was madness. Everyone knew you couldn't earn money during the initial periods of virtual games. Did Shi Feng have some way to make money in God's Domain? Even if they did make money, it would be after a few months. They did not have that much time to waste.

After hesitating for quite some time, Blackie reluctantly answered, "I get it. You're the boss. I'll start a Workshop together with you but what about the Virtual Gaming Helmets? We can't play the game without them, right?"

Shi Feng's tightened brows immediately relaxed as he happily clapped Blackie's shoulders, saying, "Now this is my good brother! Don't worry about the gaming helmets. I recall that God's Domain had a trial period available for university students. Every university has a distribution point and, as long as you show them your student identification, then, for ten days, you can obtain a gaming helmet for free. Let's go and take a look."

"What do we do after ten days?" Blackie's tanned face turned ashen, suddenly feeling his future was pitch black. Why did he have to believe Shi Feng? Could it be Shi Feng's confidence and steadiness? There wouldn’t be a problem venturing together with Shi Feng, right?

What could you do with ten days in God's Domain?

They would definitely miss out on the recruitment period of Workshops after ten days. In the end, they still had to buy the gaming helmet but where would the money come from?

Not even a professional gamer with a group would be able to earn 16,000 Credits within ten days of God's Domain's opening.

"Leave the money problem to me."

Shi Feng revealed a confident smile as he clapped Blackie's shoulders.

Earning 16,000 Credits in ten days was indeed a pure fantasy. However, he had his spirit as a reincarnated person. No matter what the challenges were, he would break through them all and the release of God's Domain was the starting point of his rise.

Afterward, Shi Feng brought Blackie to retrieve the virtual gaming helmets. He then used all his money to buy two large boxes of instant noodles, placing them under his desk in his rented house. They were enough to last him for over ten days. After briefing Blackie on some things in God's Domain, Shi Feng quietly waited for God's Domain's opening.

25th of April, 9 pm. Within the dark and silent room, a few glimmers of light flickered alive.

Shi Feng laid on his bed, gently pushing the start button as he closed his eyes.

"God's Domain, here I come."

Chapter 2 - Sherlock’s Request

To accommodate the majority of players, God's Domain could be played while sleeping. Also, the time within the game was different than in reality, where two hours within the game was equal to one hour in reality.

Each day within the game was made up of forty-eight hours, consisting of thirty hours daytime and eighteen hours of night.

Not only that, to allow the bulk of working class people to enjoy the game, nighttime, in reality, was daytime in the game.

Shi Feng passed through a multicolored tunnel as soon as he arrived in God's Domain, arriving at a solemn. golden temple.

A female angel with four pairs of wings flew towards Shi Feng. She was only about palm sized.

"Hello Adventurer, welcome to God's Domain. I am the Navigation Angel, Gabriel. I will be introducing to you the four main categories and twelve main jobs. Please choose the job that you like most."

With a wave of Gabriel's small hand, an illustration introducing the twelve main jobs appeared in front of Shi Feng.

These twelve jobs were categorized into four main classes.

Warrior: Shield Warrior, Guardian Knight, Berserker.

Weapons Specialist: Swordsman, Assassin, Ranger.

Healer: Cleric, Druid, Oracle.

Mage: Elementalist, Summoner, Cursemancer.

Warriors specialized in defending against monsters; weapons specialists focused on physical damage output; healers focused on healing; mages focused on magical damage output. Every job had their own style of battle, which was one of the main selling points of God's Domain.

In his previous life, Shi Feng picked the Swordsman under Weapon Specialists and he was even known as the Sword Magician.

Shi Feng had already invested too much in the Swordsman job, so naturally, he would not choose any other job. He chose the Swordsman class he was familiar with without hesitation.

"Job selection complete. Please designate a name for your character."

"Ye Feng."

Shi Feng chose the same name he had in his previous life.

"Naming successful. Do you wish to adjust your appearance? Adjustment rate limited to 15%."

Thinking about it for awhile, Shi Feng chose to adjust his character's appearance by 15% as to not stand out. With this, nobody could recognize Shi Feng if they saw his character, though it wasn't as handsome as the original.

"Please select a birthplace in the Star-Moon Kingdom."

A map that displayed tens of cities belonging to the Star-Moon Kingdom appeared in front of Shi Feng.

The opening of God's Domain was globally synchronized. To accommodate for the hundreds of millions of players, the lands of God's Domain were incredibly vast, measuring up to two or three times of Earth, and the kingdoms within were even more plentiful. However, a player's living area and city, in reality, determined the country they would start in, so players could only choose the cities within the country.

"White River City."

Shi Feng did not plan to choose any other cities, so he chose the White River City that he was most familiar with.

White River City was Star-Moon Kingdom's fifth ranked city. It was an important city in the north of Star-Moon Kingdom There were quite a few Workshops that chose to develop there to avoid the struggles between large Guilds.

"City confirmed. Player will arrive in Red Leaf Town of White River City in three seconds. We wish you happy gaming."

The sight before Shi Feng immediately blurred as he was sent away.

Red Leaf Town, the buildings that were chaotically arranged there had a similar style to the medieval ages. NPCs filled the bustling streets, making them feel as if it was another world.

Shi Feng arrived at the front of a church, his new appearance resembling a penniless Swordsman. He currently wore a gray Novice Leather Armor and on his waist hung a Novice Sword.

"I still ended up in Red Leaf Town, in the end." Shi Feng smiled faintly as he looked at the familiar sight of the small town, confidence welling up within him.

At that moment, many players had started wandering around the town, speaking to NPCs in hopes of obtaining a trail for a Quest. There were also quite a few players that went out of the village, going out to the wilderness to kill monsters. Every one of them was carrying out their tasks as if their lives depended on it and they couldn't help but wish they could split their time in two.

Shi Feng didn't pay attention to the other players. With a slight wave and touch of his finger, a player's Attribute Panel appeared before him.

Character: Ye Feng (Human)

Affiliated Kingdom: Star-Moon

Title: None

Job: Swordsman

Level: 0

HP: 100/100

Physical Attack Power: 13

Defense: 4

Attack Speed: 3

Movement Speed: 4

Attributes: Strength 5, Agility 3, Endurance 4, Intelligence 2, Vitality 2.


Free Attribute Points: 4

Weapon Mastery:

One-handed Sword Mastery +5 (Apprentice Rank - Increases One-handed Sword Damage by 5%)

Two-handed Sword Mastery + 5 (Apprentice Rank - Increases Two-handed Sword Damage by 5%)

Free Mastery Points: 0

Job Talent:

Swordsman Talent 1: Sword-related Mastery +5

Swordsman Talent 2: Obtain 8 Free Mastery Points every 5 Levels.

Swordsman Talent 3: Sword-related skills proficiency increased by 50%.

Skills:

Chop. Active skill. Requirement: Sword. Additional 8 points of damage. Cooldown: 5 seconds. Skill Level: 1 (Proficiency 0/300)

Equipment:

[Swordsman's Leather Shirt] (Gray Trash)

Level 0

Defense +2

Durability 10/10

[Novice Sword] (Gray Trash, One-handed Sword)

Level 0

Equipment Requirement: Strength 3

Attack Power +3

Durability 15/15

Inside his bag, there were ten pieces of Bread and ten pouches of Water. Eating the Bread would recover 10 HP per second while drinking Water will recover 10 MP per second, and both effects lasted ten seconds.

Every Swordsman started with the same Attributes, the only difference being the allocation of the Free Attribute Points.

Each player could obtain 4 Free Attribute Points with each increase in Level. With each rise in Level, the different ways players used these points would result in their own unique style.

Strength increases Physical Attack Power and the weight behind each attack. Agility increases Attack Speed and Movement Speed. Endurance increases maximum HP and stamina. Intelligence increases Magical Attack Power and maximum MP and Vitality increases the recovery rate of MP and HP. Every Job places emphasis on different Attributes.

As Swordsmen belonged to the physical damage Jobs, most people would prioritize Strength. In his previous life, Shi Feng also made such a choice, adding 2 points to Strength, one point to Endurance, and one point to Agility for every Level. It was a very ordinary and commonplace choice.

However, Shi Feng did not plan to do so in this life.

Without hesitation, Shi Feng clicked on the plus sign (+) for Agility, placing all 4 Free Attribute Points into it. Shi Feng's Agility increased to 7 points; his Attack Speed changing to 4 and Movement Speed to 4.

This method of point allocation was something not even Assassins, who were widely known for their high Agility, would do. They would prioritize Strength first, as more damage meant an easier time leveling up.

Unfortunately, Shi Feng didn't think that way.

For melee Jobs, Agility was the best choice at the early stages of God's Domain. This was kept a secret, only being discovered several weeks after God's Domain's opening. When it was finally made known, countless melee players couldn't help but hammer their chests in regret.

After adding the Attribute Points, Shi Feng took a look at his surroundings.

Only a while had passed before another large group of players were sent here. Green rhombus-like symbols belonging to players filled the air of the central plaza, blocking out the yellow symbols belonging to NPCs. Such a situation made looking for an NPC an even greater challenge.

Di! Di! Di!

Shi Feng's voice communication rang, the caller's name showing Black Cloud. It was Blackie calling.

"Brother Feng, I chose Cursemancer and was sent to Falling Moon Town. Where are you?" Now that he had entered God's Domain, Blackie was extremely excited, itching to start his journey quickly.

"I'm in Red Leaf Town, not that far from Falling Moon Town. I'll help you level up, so come to Red Leaf Town." Shi Feng said.

"Brother Feng, you must be crazy. Do you know how far Falling Moon Town is from Red Leaf Village? The Map says that it'll take me seven hours to get there. I'll fall behind all the other players by a lot if I go there. We should just level up on our own and meet up at White River City after reaching Level 10." Blackie nearly coughed out blood in anger. Earning 16,000 Credits in ten days was already madness. Instead of frantically leveling up after entering God's Domain, he was asked to waste seven hours? He wasn't going to do that, even if he was beaten to death.

"Don't worry. You should just come over. You'll get back the time you waste very quickly." Shi Feng said dully.

When Blackie heard Shi Feng's confident tone, he asked excitedly, "Brother Feng, could it be that you have a Beta Tester's information?"

God's Domain had invited quite a few people to test the game before it opened and these people were called Beta Testers. These Beta Testers could get ahold of first-hand information for God's Domain and, although changes would be made to the game, the Beta Testers would most definitely know more than regular players.

"What do you think? Just hurry over here." Shi Feng answered in a mysterious tone, laughing.


Hearing Shi Feng's words, Blackie knew Shi Feng had reliable information, and he couldn't help but get excited, saying, "Ok, wait for me Brother Feng; I'll go there right this instant."

Ending Blackie's call, Shi Feng walked towards a small dark alley of the town.

There were hundreds of NPCs in Red Leaf Town. However, NPCs that gave Quests only numbered in the tens, while Hidden Quests numbered five, and Unique Quests numbered only one. A unique Quest would no longer be available once completed by a player.

The Unique Quest in Red Leaf Town was only discovered two months after God's Domain's opening and it had caused a sensation throughout the entire White River City the last time. As the Quest was unique, the lucky player revealed the method to obtain it, earning the envy of many players. Unfortunately for them, the Quest was no longer available, even if they wanted to do it.

Of course, Shi Feng wouldn't let this Unique Quest go in this life.

Shi Feng arrived at the dark alley filled with beggars in tattered clothing. The beggars were like wolves discovering fresh meat when they saw Shi Feng walking over, quickly surrounding him as they begged for food.

There was once a player who had given these beggars a lot of food. These beggars would ask for items after having their fill and they would ask for more expensive items after each time. The player had agreed to all their requests, consecutively fulfilling more than ten of their wishes. Unfortunately, the beggars gave absolutely nothing in return, causing the player to nearly pop a vein, becoming a joke for others.

"Get lost!"

Shi Feng yelled as he pulled out his Novice Sword, causing the powerless beggars to quickly hide away.

Shi Feng walked to a corner after the beggars dispersed; a vagrant middle-aged man was lying there. There wasn't much of a difference between the man and the other beggars but if there were one, it would be the man's unyielding integrity, as he was the only one not begging for food.

"Do you need any help, Sir?" Shi Feng formally asked the man.

"Can you give me some food? It's been five days since I've last eaten," the male beggar responded.

Shi Feng smiled faintly, seriously saying: "Unfortunately Sir, I cannot agree to your wish."

A normal person would probably spew blood out in anger if they heard such a reply. However, this beggar merely let out a sigh, no longer saying a word.

"However, if you are willing to pay an appropriate price, I can give you the food you need." Shi Feng said.

The beggar lifted his head and looked at Shi Feng, his eyes carrying a hint of anticipation as he said, "If I had the money, I would definitely be willing to pay this cost, but right now I have nothing. Although, if you are willing to help me, I will pay you a sufficient price. Are you willing to help me?"

"May I ask what you want me to do?" Shi Feng questioned.

The beggar said seriously, "Please help me kill the Mayor of Red Leaf Town, Cross."

Even though Red Leaf Town was just a small town, the Town Mayor was still a Level 15 Elite. There were also Level 25 Guards by his side. Aside from that, killing an NPC would result in being arrested. Killing the Mayor was, without a doubt, a crazy action and no player would believe this was a Quest, as this was no different than telling players to commit suicide. Nobody would agree to such a damnable request.

"Alright, I promise you." Shi Feng unhesitatingly agreed with a smile.

System: Unique Quest "Sherlock's Request" accepted.

Quest Details: Kill Cross, the Mayor of Red Leaf Town and bring the [Mayor's Insignia] back to Sherlock. Players must not exceed Level 10.

Shi Feng turned around and headed towards the Town Hall, the place where the Mayor was staying, at after receiving the Quest.

Chapter 3 - Lonely Snow

Shi Feng walked on the path towards the town hall, crowded with people.

The less than spacious road was filled with players. They were conversing with the NPCs, taking the chance to obtain a Quest. Such a scene gave one a feeling of arriving at a market.

Unfortunately, it was not an easy task obtaining a Quest in God’s Domain. The main reason being, the NPCs had high intelligence, giving them the capability to hold one-to-one conversations. Also, players must watch what they say or risk being given the cold shoulder by the NPCs. And there was a tide of players as competition; obtaining an easily found Normal Quest was truly difficult.

After more than ten minutes since God’s Domain started, there had yet to be a single player within Red Leaf Town to receive a Normal Quest.

In comparison, Shi Feng’s advantage as a reincarnated person was truly great. Not only has he received a Quest, but it was a Unique Quest; albeit a slightly damnable one. However, a Unique Quest’s reward was incredibly generous. Even top-tier players who had played God’s Domain for a month would drool at the reward of this Unique Quest.

As a person who had been reincarnated, Shi Feng had the experience of leading thousands of people while he was in Shadow Workshop. They had even built ten City States. The amount of information on God’s Domain that was within his grasp far surpassed what the average player knew. It was especially true when it came to strategies on leveling up and earning money. These were the must-have essentials for a Workshop with thousands of players to grow in strength.

Now that he had been reincarnated and was playing God’s Domain again, Shi Feng wanted to use this information to accumulate a significant amount of advantages. It was all to build a better foundation for his future development. So naturally, he would not be imitating the average player, wasting hours on the streets just to fight over a single Normal Quest. Even more so, he would not be emulating those skilled players, using their refined techniques to kill monsters in the wild, because, at this moment, there were probably more players than monsters in the wild.

What Shi Feng wanted to do was to avoid these piles of players; hence why he chose the Unique Quest which had an absurd difficulty.

However, completing this Quest required money, something Shi Feng did not have right now.

Every player would receive 10 Copper Coins at the start of the game. Although it was not enough to buy a Weapon or Equipment, purchasing HP or MP replenishing refreshments was not a problem.

When Shi Feng arrived at the front of the two-storied Town Hall, he was met with a scene of hundreds of people, queuing up into a long line.

Regardless of which game it was, the Village Head or Town Mayor was unquestionably a target to receive Quests from. Naturally, no player would let this chance go.

“Hey newcomer, queue up if you don’t wanna cause a public outrage,” from within the queue, a simple and honest looking male Warrior looked at Shi Feng. The Warrior held up his hand, pointing towards the back of the line of people.

“I’m not here to receive a Quest.” Shi Feng said indifferently as he looked at the long line in front of the Town Hall.

Compared to the other locations, this place had great order and efficiency. Although it would take more time to receive a Quest, it was much better than some who could not receive one at all.

The male Warrior cautiously looked at Shi Feng. Everybody was frantically trying to receive a Quest right now... but there was someone who actually said that he wasn’t interested towards it? Not even a ghost would believe that!

“I’m honestly not here to receive a Quest,” Shi Feng looked at the male warrior. Seeing the person’s hostile eyes and how he thought Shi Feng had wanted to jump queue, Shi Feng said with a smile, “However, I advise you to receive a Quest somewhere else. You’ll just be pointlessly waiting here.”

“Why would it be pointless? There were already a few people who came out after receiving a Quest.” After determining that Shi Feng had no intention to jump queue, the male Warrior let out a sigh of relief. He had already been in the queue for over ten minutes now and he definitely would not want someone to cut in line. However, hearing Shi Feng’s firm tone made him curious as to why he would be waiting for nothing.

Shi Feng smiled but did not elaborate. Instead, he changed the topic saying, “Seeing as you’re not a bad person, I’ll point you towards a brighter path. Kill mobs in the fields. You’ll have a better future than remaining here.”

“I’m not going. There are too many monsters in the wild and I can’t compete with those other people. This place is still better” the male Warrior shook his head. He was not an idiot. At this moment, there were definitely tides of people out in the Field Area. With just his skills, he probably couldn’t even snatch a monster, so he was better off just waiting here.


“That’s because you went to the wrong place. If you go somewhere with few monsters, naturally, there wouldn’t be anybody to compete with you. Compared to the areas packed with both players and monsters, the leveling efficiency there is several times better. Not only that, the respawn rate of the monsters there is slow, so a single person could easily handle themselves,” Shi Feng said with a smile.

“Is there really such a place?”

The male Warrior was excited after listening to Shi Feng. He was extremely interested in such a location. He still needed to wait for more than an hour to receive a Quest and the rewards he could obtain would only be EXP and some meager amount of money. If he could grind on monsters for an hour unhindered, the EXP he could obtain would far surpass that from the Quest.

“Of course there is. I’ll give you a preferential price of 20 Coppers if you want to go to such a treasured location. Don’t mention EXP; after grinding for a day, the materials you could obtain would earn you more than 40 Coppers. If you’re lucky, you could make a ton more if a piece of equipment drops,” Shi Feng walked closer to the male Warrior, whispering into his ears.

“You’re not tricking me, right?” the male Warrior looked at Shi Feng with hesitation in his eyes. If there was such a treasured location, he could definitely surpass the other players by a lot; but 20 Coppers was not a small amount. The monsters in God’s Domain rarely drop money or equipment, so Copper Coins were incredibly precious.

“If you don’t believe me, you can pay 10 Coppers up front first. You’ll know just from trying after you arrive at the spot. If it’s true, you can then pay me the other 10 Coppers. I’m only telling you this because I see that you’re a good person. Just forget it, if you don’t believe me.” Shi Feng turned and left after saying his piece.

Shi Feng wouldn’t be doing this if he didn't lack money. At worst, he’ll just use some other method to earn money.

Just after walking a few steps away, Shi Feng was stopped by the male Warrior.

“Expert, hold on a moment. Let’s talk about it, alright? Isn’t it just a deposit of 10 Coppers? Here, take it. I trust that an expert like you won’t trick me.” The male Warrior revealed an honest smile, resolutely trading 10 Coppers to Shi Feng.

“Seeing your performance, I’ll give you a good location. Although this place is slightly far-off, there is only a single mage-type Level 0 Green Gnome. It has low defense and a quick respawn rate. Chances are also greater of money dropping. A Berserker would be great at killing there.” Shi Feng gave the Warrior a good grinding location after happily receiving the ten Coppers.

The male Warrior was relieved when he noticed how familiar Shi Feng was with the wild monsters, even to the degree of knowing the amount of money dropped. He never imagined he would be so fortunate as to meet an expert of God’s Domain and not just any expert; Shi Feng might even be a Beta Tester. The male Warrior became even more excited as he thought of this possibility.

“Brother Expert, do you know a location that drops skill books for Berserkers? It’s really hard to fight against mobs with only a single skill.” The male Warrior was more fond of Shi Feng now, even treating Shi Feng as his superior.

“It’s fine if you want to know., but it’ll cost you 2 Silvers,” Shi Feng smiled. Who would give out such valuable information after only a short conversation? Shi Feng would not unless there was money involved, of course.

The male Warrior paled when he heard the price. Two Silvers equaled 200 Coppers. Not even the average Guild would have that much money.

“Expert, let’s add each other as friends. I’m Lonely Snow. I’ll contact you again once I’ve saved up enough money.” The male Warrior sent Shi Feng a friend request.

“Alright.” Shi Feng accepted Lonely Snow’s request.

“Then I’m off to fight mobs, Brother Expert. I’ll mail you the 10 Copper immediately after I’ve saved up enough.” Lonely Snow happily parted with Shi Feng, leaving the long queue and dashing towards the grinding location.

Now that Shi Feng had money, he walked towards the fruit stall by the Town Hall.

“Boss, how much for this Tomato?” Shi Feng asked as he held up a ripe, red Tomato.

Both Fruits and Vegetables could aid in recovering a player’s HP and MP. Their tastes were also quite delicious. The only downside was the bad recovery rate. In normal circumstances, players wouldn’t buy them at all, especially during such a period where money was a big problem. Spending money on Fruits and Vegetables was just wasteful behavior.

“2 Coppers each.”

“Give me ten of them.”

Shi Feng paid the 20 Coppers. He walked into the Town Hall after receiving the 10 Tomatoes.


“Hey newcomer, queue up. Can’t you see others are queuing up as well?”

“Swordsman over there, what do you think you’re trying to do? Do you know how many people are queuing up behind?”

The players in the queue became enraged and started criticizing when they saw Shi Feng cutting the line, walking directly towards the Town Mayor. They would’ve long since murdered Shi Feng, were it not for the fact that they could be jailed for attacking another player inside the town.

“Sorry, but I’m really not here to receive a Quest. I’m just here to take a look.” Shi Feng smiled at the players; he turned to look at the fat Town Mayor, Cross.

[Cross] (Elite, Friendly)

Level 15

HP 2400/2400

MP 1500/1500

There was not a single player who could beat him at this stage. It was not possible, even with a team.

Subsequently, Shi Feng took out a ripe and red Tomato, taking a bite out of it.

“What is this person doing?”

“Hell! He’s actually eating a Tomato! Each of those costs 2 Coppers! Such luxury!”

The other players could not understand what Shi Feng was trying to do. By coming to the Town Hall to eat Tomatoes... was he trying to show off how rich he was?

Halfway through his Tomato, Shi Feng suddenly threw it towards Town Mayor Cross’ face.

The Tomato accurately landed on Cross’ face, spreading bright red liquid all over.

System: Cross’ favorability towards you has been decreased by 100 points.

Unsatisfied, Shi Feng took out another Tomato from his bag, throwing it at Cross.

“Hypocrite! Fatty! Bloodsucker! You’re not fit to be the Town Mayor!”

Shi Feng kept cursing as he threw Tomatoes, whereas Cross’ favorability kept decreasing. Cross’ body turned bright red as tomato juice kept flowing down his body. Adding to his enraged expression, it created an incomparably funny sight.

However, nobody within the Town Hall was laughing; it was exceptionally quiet. All of the players became slack-jawed and dumbfounded at Shi Feng’s actions.

Just after twenty minutes since God’s Domain’s opening, there was a player that dared to actually attack an NPC and not just any NPC; he was attacking the leader of a town, the Boss of the Beginner’s Area!

This person was insane! Wasn’t he afraid of being jailed until his death?

Did he no longer want to stay in Red Leaf Town?

Even taking your revenge on society shouldn’t be done in such a way!

Just when the other players were expecting the Guards to detain Shi Feng or for the Town Mayor to kill off Shi Feng in a rage, none of these things actually occurred.

None of the players knew that insulting an NPC was not considered an attack. Hence why neither the Guards nor Cross attacked Shi Feng. Shi Feng’s actions would only lead to the NPC hating him to the bones and he could forget receiving Quests from the NPC in this lifetime.

As Shi Feng’s last Tomato landed on Cross’ face, Cross’ favorability fell towards Hostile. Cross’ Level became question marks and the yellow marker above him quickly turned a crimson red.

“Damnable insect! I’ll send you down to hell!”

The bright red Cross roared loudly as he rushed at Shi Feng.

Chapter 4 - The Sensation Caused By Death

Town Mayor Cross’ furious roar reverberated throughout the entire Town Hall.

With a high speed, Cross instantly arrived in front of Shi Feng, his fist stretching out towards Shi Feng.

The other players were currently reveling in Shi Feng’s misfortune, taking the chance to gauge Town Mayor Cross’ strength.

Cross was a Level 15 Elite, and a single slap from him was enough to swat the current players to death. However, Shi Feng was foolish to the degree of actually angering the mayor. Not a single person in the entire Red Leaf Town could save him now. He would be jailed until he was on his deathbed or he would be chased out of Red Leaf Town.

However, Shi Feng’s surprisingly calm attitude puzzled the other players. Was he already prepared for death?

When Cross was about to hit Shi Feng, the stationary Shi Feng finally moved. Like a hunter waiting for his prey, Shi Feng immediately unsheathed his Novice Sword. With swift motions, he used the sword to defend his body.

Peng!

Cross’ fist landed on the Novice Sword, sending Shi Feng’s entire person flying. Just as Shi Feng was about to fall, he flipped his body, landing steadily on the ground with the flexibility of a cat. However, his HP had instantly decreased by 84, and the Novice Sword in his grip trembled uncontrollably. The sword’s durability had even reduced by 1 point; the weapon would become useless once its durability dropped to 0.

Si……

All the players drew in a cold breath.

Seeing Shi Feng’s troublemaking, they had initially thought of him as a mere rookie. However, after Shi Feng’s recent performance, anybody with a discerning eye could tell he was a very skillful person. Even if Cross had low physical damage as a mage, as a Level 15 Elite, he could still kill any of the current players in a single strike. Yet, Shi Feng was alive. He had used his weapon to block the attack, reducing the damage to a minimum.

“He’s clearly a mage, and yet his strength and speed are truly shocking.” Shi Feng silently marveled as he at looked the lamenting Novice Sword in his grip. Fortunately, he had added all his points to Agility, increasing his Attack Speed to 4. Otherwise, he would surely be dead by now, having to start his Quest all over again.

“Die, insect!”

After failing his strike, Cross was further enraged. Suddenly, his clothes were ripped apart, revealing a body covered in pitch black fur; Cross had turned into a Werewolf with sharp fangs.

Every player was shocked at this moment. Never would they have thought the mayor was an evil Werewolf.

Cross arrived at Shi Feng’s back in an instant, raising his bright snowy claws and slashing them at Shi Feng’s heart.

However, Shi Feng revealed a cold grin, even though he only had 16 HP remaining.

Cross’ claws suddenly stopped; they were only a few centimeters away from dealing with Shi Feng. Unfortunately, Cross was hit by a Level 25 Guard’s [Charge], entering a Fainted state for 1 second.

Shi Feng took this chance to quickly move away.

Just when Cross was about to rush Shi Feng after awakening, he was interrupted once more by another Guard.

Both of the Guards were Level 25 Warriors. Although neither of them was Elites, the damage they dished out was relatively high. A Charge, coupled with a normal attack, had quickly taken 300 HP away from Cross. Two Guards had taken away a total of 600 HP, causing Cross’ HP to fall to 1700 in an instant.

“As expected of the Guards, their attack power sure is high.” Shi Feng chuckled as he looked at Cross’ sorry state.

Guards were the protectors of the town. They were specialized in protecting the town’s civilians and resisting against the invasion of evil beings. At this moment, the mayor had transformed into a Werewolf; proof that he was not a human, but a spy for the powers of evil. The guards would naturally not let him go, killing him as if he were no different than the monsters in the wild.

On the surface, the conditions of Sherlock’s request seemed harsh. In reality, however, players only needed to actively attack the mayor, subsequently surviving the mayor’s first strike. Afterward was just smooth sailing. The Guards would handle the rest after the mayor revealed his true self.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, the reason this Unique Quest could shock the entire White River City, was because the Town Mayor was a spy for the forces of evil. This Quest had allowed players to have a new perspective towards God’s Domain; the NPCs were not entirely reliable, as they might be one of the forces of evil in disguise.

Simultaneously, the player who completed the Quest had shocked everyone with his method of baiting the Town Mayor. The player had racked his brain to complete the Quest and, naturally, he wanted to show off his efforts by revealing his strategy. Now, though, it was being taken advantage of by Shi Feng.


As such, Cross was now being attacked by the two Guards. Although the damage dealt by the Guards was very high, Cross’ target had never shifted away from Shi Feng. He continuously aimed to kill Shi Feng but, unfortunately for him, the two Guards stuck to him like glue. One of the Guards used [Bone Crusher], while the other used [Thundering Strike], causing Cross’ Movement Speed to plummet. Fortunately, Shi Feng was able to escape death with his 5 points of Movement Speed.

Just like that, Cross’ over 2000 HP was nearly depleted.

When the other players saw Cross dying, many of them started becoming restless; they wanted to land the last strike on the mayor. They did not understand why the Guards were attacking Cross instead of Shi Feng but a Town Mayor who was also a Level 15 Elite…… if he died, he would definitely drop some great items.

Hiding some place far away, Shi Feng smiled in disdain in regards to their thoughts.

Was the Town Mayor someone they could have ideas about? Although the mayor had become one of the forces of evil, this was only a part of the Quest’s plot. In the eyes of the other players, the mayor was still in a Friendly state; it was not possible to attack the mayor at all.

When Cross only had 100 HP remaining, all the other players started moving. All of them simultaneously rushed towards Town Mayor Cross. All of them wanted to give the final strike, snatching away the dropped items.

Seeing that Cross was only a hit away from death’s door, Shi Feng, too, dashed out.

Unfortunately, Cross still died under the Guard’s blade in the end. Not a single one of the players was able to strike at Cross. Although Shi Feng could attack, he did not want to risk it. After the mayor’s death, he immediately took away the [Mayor’s Insignia] and disappeared into the crowd.

NPCs within a city would not yield any EXP or loot if killed. Shi Feng wouldn’t even be able to obtain the Mayor’s Insignia were it not for a Quest.

“Crap! The System’s bugged! Why can’t I attack the mayor?”

“I want to complain! Why didn’t the mayor drop anything after death?”

Some of the rookie players resentfully complained. A Level 15 Elite had died before their eyes, yet they did not obtain a single advantage; they simply could not accept it.

“Moron. Don’t you know you have a Friendly relationship with the NPC? Players can’t attack an NPC with a Friendly relationship. If you don’t even know such common knowledge, why bother playing God’s Domain?”

After ridiculing the rookies, the competent players searched for traces of Shi Feng. A player who could kill the Town Mayor in such a way was definitely an expert, someone they should associate with. However, they could not spot Shi Feng, even after looking for a long time. They also did not know his name. They could not help but secretly feel pity.

Meanwhile, news of Town Mayor Cross’ death spread throughout Red Leaf Village, creating a sensation amongst all the players.

At this phase of the game, where players were still worrying over grinding monsters for Levels, the leader of a town was toyed to death so simply. This was just too mind-blowing!

Not even thirty minutes since God’s Domain’s opening, a news thread appeared on the official site’s forums.

Mysterious Swordsman kills off Level 15 Elite, Red Leaf Town Mayor. The leader of a town was actually a Werewolf in disguise. Exactly what kind of game is God’s Domain?

This news thread instantly caused a sensation amongst the players. It only took a moment for the number of clicks to the page to go past ten million. Everyone became interested with this mysterious Swordsman. Unfortunately, they could not contact the person since nobody knew his name.

By now, Shi Feng had already arrived at the dark alley.

“Mister Sherlock, this is the Mayor’s Insignia that you requested.” Shi Feng passed silver colored Mayor’s Insignia to the beggar, Sherlock.

With the Quest’s completion, bad news came to both the players who had already received a Quest and for those who were currently trying to receive one from the mayor. This was because Cross would not respawn. They would have no place to submit their Quest even if it was completed. Red Leaf Town would also no longer have a mayor, though Shi Feng could care less about that.

“Thank you. Thank you, so much. I have finally attained revenge for my friend. These things should be of help to you.”

Sherlock passed Shi Feng a delicate little box. Subsequently, Sherlock took the Mayor’s Insignia and left the dark alley.

System: Unique Quest “Sherlock’s Request” completed. Rewarding 2000 EXP, 20 Free Mastery Points, 1 [Luxurious Ornament Box].

With a “Hua” sound, Shi Feng became Level 1, and he was only 1000 EXP away from Level 2. Shi Feng’s Level became Red Leaf Town’s top one, only thirty minutes after the start of God’s Domain. In normal circumstances, the average player required 1000 EXP to rise to Level 1. Such an amount required at least six or seven hours of grinding monsters, as each Level 0 monster only gave 3 EXP. Time was also needed to look for monsters, to recover, and so on. Factoring in the massive amount of players at the start of the game that was fighting over monsters, taking over ten hours to arrive at Level 1 could be considered average.


“Why is the Unique Quest’s reward so generous? Was it because I completed it at Level 0?” Shi Feng became slightly uncertain but he was still delighted with such rewards.

In his previous life, the rewards posted were not as luxurious. Although the amount of EXP was the same, the number of Free Mastery Points was not. The other person only received 10 points for it, as well as a Delicate Ornament Box, while Shi Feng received 20 points and a Luxurious Ornament Box.

Free Mastery Points were extremely precious in God’s Domain. Rarely would a Quest award 3 to 5 points. This Unique Quest had awarded 20 points.

“Hopefully, it won’t let me down. Although it isn’t a Delicate Ornament Box, it is still the better Luxurious Ornament Box. It should come out.” Shi Feng carefully held the Ornament box, a nervous gulp coming from his throat. Slowly, he opened the box.

Though the EXP and Free Mastery Points were great, what Shi Feng really wanted was the item inside the Ornament Box. It was an essential item he needed to complete his leveling and money making plans. It was also a top-tier item that many experts drooled over. Shi Feng would cry to death if something went wrong.

Chapter 5: Black Market Challenge

Translator:Hellscythe_

Editor:Hellscythe_

As the Luxurious Ornament Box slowly opened, a dazzling array of multicolored light burst out from within.

Fortunately, Shi Feng was currently standing inside a dark alley; there were no players who would wander over here. Otherwise, such a spectacle would have incited the greed in their hearts and Shi Feng would be killed and robbed.

When the glowing brilliance faded, a simple silver necklace and a purple-gold ring could be seen lying inside the Luxurious Ornament Box. Carved on the ring’s exterior were words resembling the ancient language of Elves and within them stored a tremendous magical power.

“Fortunately, it is still the Ring of Gravity.” Shi Feng let loose his breath when he saw the appearance of the ring. Carefully, he took the ring out of the box and inspected it.

[Ring of Gravity] (Mysterious-Iron Rank)

Equipment Level: 0

Strength +2, Agility +1, Endurance +1

Additional Skill: ‘Gravity Liberation’. Greatly reduces the gravity acting upon the user. Duration 30 seconds. Cooldown 5 minutes.

“Great! It’s not just Bronze rank.” After reading the item’s introduction, Shi Feng became extremely excited. The situation was far better than he had expected.

The Equipment in God’s Domain was categorized into Trash, Common, Bronze, Mysterious-Iron, Secret-Silver, Fine-Gold, Dark-Gold, and Epic.

At the start of the game, players only received Trash Equipment from the System. This equipment was utterly worthless. At this stage of the game, however, there were no players who possessed Common Equipment. While you could buy Common Equipment in large cities, the prices were costly. As for Bronze ranked, those were extremely rare and they also came with additional attributes. Mysterious-Iron Equipment, however, only dropped from Bosses and, needless to say, they were even more precious.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, the Ring of Gravity obtained by the player was only Bronze ranked. It gave only an additional 1 point to Strength. The skill ‘Gravity Liberation,’ as well, only lasted for 15 seconds. It was a surprise to Shi Feng that completing the Quest at Level 0 would earn him a Mysterious-Iron Ring of Gravity.

As for the necklace, it was just a Gray Item. NPC merchants coveted these items and they were willing to buy them at high prices.

After wearing the Ring of Gravity, Shi Feng added the 4 Free Ability Points that came from leveling up all into Agility.

Shi Feng’s Agility rose to 12 points, his Attack Speed to 5 points, and his Movement Speed to 6 points. He could almost rival a pure Agility Assassin of the same Level now.

“My Agility will reach 20 points after rising to Level 3. At that time, I can unlock the Hidden Basic Skill of the Agility System.” Shi Feng looked at his Attribute Panel in anticipation.

Shi Feng moved his body, feeling it become a lot livelier than before. He wouldn’t be in his previous sorry state if he were to face off with Town Mayor Cross, right now. If his Agility reached twenty points, the condition of his body would become even greater after activating the Basic Skill [Fast And Nimble]; he could even rival against those Wulin Experts depicted in Wuxia novels.

Afterward, Shi Feng added 15 of the Free Mastery Points towards his One-Handed Sword Mastery, keeping the remaining 5 points for future use. With his One-Handed Sword Mastery now at a total of 20 points, Shi Feng advanced from Apprentice to Basic Swordsman and the additional damage dealt by using a one-handed sword increased to 10%. He was still 30 Mastery Points away from advancing to an Intermediate Swordsman.

Regular attacks were only the basics for a Swordsman. If one wanted to become an expert with the sword, Skills were a must-have. The more, the better, as this would create more flexibility when in battle, thereby allowing the Swordsman to dish out greater Damage.

Shi Feng was both an expert of the sword and a person who had been reincarnated. Now that he had a special tool such as the Ring of Gravity, he needed a large amount of Swordsman Skills to display the true potential of a Swordsman. He could then level up at a fast pace. Otherwise, it was impossible to increase the efficiency of killing monsters by relying on normal attacks.

“I recall there being a Black Market Challenge in Red Leaf Town’s Trade Area. Players who cleared the challenge for the first time would be able to obtain a skill book for Swordsman.” Most skill books dropped from monsters around Levels 3 to 5 and their drop rates were pitifully low. At this stage of the game, there were still no players capable of grinding those monsters. It would be a big waste of time if Shi Feng wanted to obtain the other skill books for Swordsman. He also did not have the time for it. So, the Black Market Challenge was the only way for Shi Feng to quickly obtain a skill book in Red Leaf town.


Trade Area of Red Leaf Town

Shops filled both sides of the street. There were pharmacies, smithies, bars and more; it was extremely flourishing, just like a small market. However, the current trade area wasn’t as lively as it should be. It hasn’t been long since God’s Domain started its operation, so most players were busy leveling up instead of enjoying what God’s Domain had to offer. As a result, there was only the minority of Lifestyle players staying here. They were here to learn Auxiliary Jobs such as Enchanter, Forger, Pharmacist, Chef, Engineer, Alchemist, etc.

“Buying herbs at a high price, contact me directly if you have any.”

“Buying ores; rip-offs can stay away.”

“Sincerely buying high ranking equipment. Price is negotiable. Willing to pay with Credits.”

Many logistics staffers of Workshops and Guilds had set up a small stall by the roadside of the Trade Area. They were mainly here to buy items and equipment.

Shi Feng quickly headed towards a two-storied building without halting. High-ranking Gnomes guarded the building, and above the building read ‘Black Market’. This place was the dark side of Red Leaf Town and it was a place of entertainment built by the greedy Gnomes.

The Gnome’s Auction House could be seen just after entering the Black Market. Going down along the basement staircase led to two empty fields; one was the Battle Arena, while the other was the field for the Challenge Race.

At the moment, several players were standing in front of the field. They were receiving the Gnomes’ challenge.

“Good luck! You have to succeed this time!”

“Good luck! Stomp those Gnomes!”

A few players were currently cheering with all their might for an Assassin player that stood on the field. Their reddened eyes made them look no different than crazed gamblers.

The Challenge Race could be considered a testing grounds for a player’s capabilities. Once a player entered the trial grounds, all their Attributes would be fixed at 10 points, their skills disabled, and their equipment rendered useless. Within the 30-yards-long and 10-yards-wide field, players were only allowed to block or dodge the incoming shots from the Gnome’s muskets. A victory would ensue once players arrived at the finishing point.

The Gnomes gave out three ranks of challenges: Copper Prize, Silver Prize, and Gold Prize. After a challenge was completed, there would be a three-day cooldown. There was a fee of 5 Coppers for the Copper Prize, 5 Silvers for the Silver Prize, and 5 Gold for the Gold Prize. Naturally, the higher ranked the challenge, the greater the prize. There was even the chance of obtaining a Dark-Gold Equipment.

However, if a player obtained the First Clear for the challenge in Red Leaf Town, the reward of Copper Prize may be comparable even to the Silver Prize.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, this First Clear was obtained by a Swordsman named Fierce Gale and the person had received a rare skill book for Swordsman.

After a short while, the Assassin on the field was struck. His body lay at the 20-yards mark, still ten yards away from the final point.

“Despicable. Just a little bit more. Do you guys still have money? I’ll definitely clear it the next time.” The male Assassin said after reviving from the field.

A male Cleric shook his head saying, “Boss Stabbing Heart, the five of us have already given you all our money. We don’t have anymore.”

By the side, Shi Feng shifted his sight towards the Assassin. He was shocked after hearing the two words ‘Stabbing Heart’.

The person’s body was covered in black clothing. He had a short and skinny stature, just like a monkey. Shi Feng could hardly believe that the ‘monkey’ in front of him was Stabbing Heart, the Assassin who ranked at number 10 on Star-Moon Kingdom’s Assassin Leaderboard.

The Assassin named Stabbing Heart shifted his gaze onto Shi Feng. After sizing Shi Feng up, his eyes revealed a gaze as if they had just found prey. With a smile, he walked up to Shi Feng and said, “Nice to meet you, friend. I’m Stabbing Heart, Assassin Squad Leader of the [Assassin's Alliance]. Lend 5 Coppers to me and I’ll return 20 Coppers to you tomorrow. How about it?”

Stabbing Heart was just ten yards away from the final point this time, so he was unwilling to accept defeat. He had already figured out some of the challenge’s patterns; he would be able to clear it if given another chance. Hence, he thought of using his Guild’s name to shock and awe Shi Feng into lending him 5 Coppers.

The Assassin's Alliance was a large Guild that was well known in the world of virtual gaming. Any veteran gamer would know this name. Someone capable of becoming the squad leader for Assassins was definitely a great expert, a figure that was respected by many players. Instead of lending, the average player would definitely just give the 5 Coppers to gain some favors.


“5 Coppers is it?” After some thinking, Shi Feng answered: “I can lend you the 5 Coppers, but you have to pay back 50 Coppers tomorrow.”

Stabbing Heart was surprised. He was Stabbing Heart, the Assassin’s Alliance’s famous Assassin Squad Leader. However, Shi Feng’s uncourteous reaction was completely different than what he had imagined it would be. Could Shi Feng be a rookie gamer?

Seeing Stabbing Heart staying silent, Shi Feng asked, “Still borrowing?”

“I’ll borrow.” Stabbing Heart wanted to weep. Other players would be going ‘Expert, expert!’ when they met him, yet Shi Feng showed no such reaction. However, when he thought about the bountiful reward awaiting him, even 50 Coppers was worth it.

“Here’s 5 Coppers. Let’s add each other as friends. Don’t forget to return 50 Coppers to me tomorrow.” Shi Feng took 5 Coppers out of the 60 he obtained from selling the necklace, not forgetting to remind Stabbing Heart to return the 50 Coppers.

With tears flowing down his face, Stabbing Heart received the 5 Coppers and said, “Fine. I won’t forget.”

Not knowing what Stabbing Heart was thinking, Shi Feng walked away after the trade was completed. He headed towards the green-skinned Gnome who was the Challenge Race’s administrator.

“Sir, time is money. What business do you have?” The Gnome administrator said so in a lofty tone.

“I want to enter the Copper Prize Challenge.” Shi Feng said as he handed over 5 Coppers.

After flipping the Copper coins a few times, the Gnome nodded his head in approval. He opened the wooden door to the Challenge Race, allowing Shi Feng to enter.

“Ladies and gentlemen, we have a new challenger on the field. Please let us welcome this brave Swordsman.” The gnome loudly announced.

“Boss Stabbing Heart, the kid that lent you money is participating in the Challenge Race,” the male Cleric pointed out.

The resting Stabbing Heart laughingly said, “That kid’s just a rookie. Does he think the Challenge Race is so easy? Even though the distance is only 30 yards, the Gnomes’ attack pattern will change after you get past 15 yards and their attack rates greatly increase. Not to mention, even I have difficulty facing them.”

“That’s for sure! Even an expert such as Boss Stabbing Heart could only reach 20 yards. I’m guessing that kid will, at most, reach five yards before being done in.” The male Cleric nodded with a smile.

Inside the field, the three Gnomes standing at the finishing line readied their muskets, aiming them towards Shi Feng.

Above the challenge field, the timer started counting down.

3……

2……

1……

Challenge Start!